Chapter 670: Descending to the Lower Realm

What was the hundredth character?

What was the core of the pen dao?

Su Yu was filled with anticipation!

He watched as the pen, spanning heaven and earth, descended from the void. In reality, it was merely an anomaly caused by the characters within the Culture Tomb being drawn out.

At this moment, Su Yu’s character battle technique had already transformed into a pen.

All its base points were filled!

It was just waiting for the final fusion!

“What is it?”

His willpower sea began to churn and boil madly.

The enormous ball of light had already arrived!

Su Yu watched, and gradually, he saw it clearly.

He was excited, thrilled, as he looked closely.

The next moment, Su Yu’s mouth dropped open with a click, as if it had dislocated. What… what in the world was this?

“↑”!

Yes, that was what Su Yu saw.

It wasn’t a word!

It was a character that looked exactly like that, like a pen. You could call it a pen, or an arrow, or anything else.

But… could this even be considered a word?

Su Yu was dumbfounded!

Culture King…

How did the Culture King fuse his pen dao back then?

Could it be that when the Culture King first outlined his character, he outlined something like this?

Then, no one would have ever thought of, or been able to outline, such a thing.

Are geniuses all like this?

Su Yu felt a little dazed, as if his worldview was collapsing.

He was contemplating life!

If the Culture King had outlined such a character in his weaker days, would everyone around him have laughed themselves silly?

Would his teachers and friends have collapsed upon learning of it?

Characters… were like this?

“The essence of the Great Dao, the essence of laws… logically, one can only comprehend them in the later stages, not be born with them. Even if the Culture King was a genius, for him to outline this thing, characters are usually born from comprehension. What did he comprehend?”

If he had modified it himself later, that would be one thing.

But if not, it meant this character was already like this when the Culture King was weak.

What did he comprehend?

What did he experience to comprehend “↑”?

I finally understand why, the moment this character appeared, it seemed as if a pen appeared between heaven and earth. This isn’t a pen at all, it’s just an arrow!

At such a critical moment, Su Yu actually wanted to laugh.

Yes, he couldn’t hold it in.

The instant Su Yu wanted to laugh, that “↑” instantly fused with the character battle technique!

The ninety-nine character battle techniques merged with “↑”!

A vast amount of power of laws was drawn from the characters!

It began to perfect this “↑”.

Su Yu grimaced. Forget it, I won’t call it the Arrow Character anymore. Since the Culture King called it a pen, I’ll treat it as a pen. For scholars, the pen dao certainly sounds better than the arrow dao!

If I called it an umbrella, its head isn’t even as big as an umbrella.

I can’t call it a stick with a pointy end either. After thinking it over, the Culture King was indeed cultured. Pen dao!

This was truly fitting!

It suited the temperament of a scholar!

“The Culture King sure knows how to make things up!”

Su Yu sighed inwardly, silently watching the character battle technique fuse. Scholars truly had good brains. They forcibly spun the arrow dao into the pen dao, and yet everyone in the world thought it should be the pen dao. This was calling a deer a horse!

“You shall be called the pen dao!”

Su Yu didn’t change it. He knew the truth, but the Culture King had spent countless years making the pen dao famous. He couldn’t let everyone call it an arrow.

Otherwise, future historical records would say, Emperor Yu fused the arrow dao, and one arrow pierced so-and-so to death… Unbearable to read.

A single stroke to determine the universe!

Such a record would have flavor.

“Boom!”

In the willpower sea, the power of laws from the ninety-nine characters were all being drawn out.

The pen dao character drew out its own power of laws, which were unaligned power of laws.

Visibly, the other characters rapidly weakened.

Even the “宇” character Su Yu had just outlined weakened. However, this power was still insufficient. It wasn’t enough for Su Yu to prove dao. He needed more power of laws to strengthen the pen dao character and lead him through the River of Time.

“Your race, continue cultivating. Is anyone else undergoing tribulation? All at once!”

Su Yu roared, his voice reverberating!

I need more power of laws!

It’s not enough, the current power isn’t strong enough.

Su Yu continuously pushed his Sunmoon Realm power to ascend. He was still in the Sunmoon Realm, but how strong was a Sunmoon Realm cultivator like him now? Su Yu himself wasn’t sure. With this one arrow, perhaps he could truly pierce and kill the Great Qin King and the others from back then.

No, with one stroke!

On the Five Elemental Race’s side, the sky gradually brightened.

At this moment, Su Yu didn’t hide much. The Topsoil Spirit, in his shock, didn’t have time to think much and quickly shouted, “Fifth Ancestor, order everyone who has opened their apertures to circulate their cultivation techniques and undergo tribulation!”

This Su Yu fellow instilled fear in him.

He needed to devour more power of laws!

At this moment, the Five Elemental Race sprang into action. Some old geezers, whose strength might not have been too high, perhaps only Sunmoon Realm, but who had been stuck at this stage for too long, had previously opened many apertures.

In the past few days, they had all opened 180 apertures.

It was just that their combat power wasn’t strong.

Now, circulating their cultivation techniques and undergoing tribulation was still possible.

In the void, blood clouds soon appeared one after another.

And Su Yu’s character battle technique emerged!

This was the first time his perfected character battle technique was displayed.

A pen… Although the Topsoil Spirit glanced at it and thought it looked very much like an arrow, Su Yu murmured in the sky, “With the pen of the Great Dao, I shall establish the human order of heaven and earth!”

“…”

Alright, he originally thought it was an arrow. With Su Yu saying that, the Topsoil Spirit decided it was better to treat it as a pen.

Didn’t he hear the special emphasis?

Su Yu was someone who, if there was nothing wrong, wouldn’t bother to explain an extra word.

Now that he suddenly spoke, everyone understood what he meant.

If he said it was a pen, it must be a pen!

“The Pen of the Great Dao! Amazing!”

The Topsoil Spirit exclaimed from below, but didn’t say much more.

The other Five Ancestors, however, didn’t think much of it.

As if remembering something, someone sighed, “It is amazing, the Pen of the Great Dao. I seem to have read about it in some ancient text, it was recorded as the Culture King’s famous battle technique. Emperor Yu… truly inherited the Culture King’s mantle!”

This had long been rumored.

Su Yu had inherited some things from the Culture King, or rather, from the Time Sage. Many believed that the Time Sage and the Culture King were actually the same person, so who he inherited from no longer mattered.

At this moment, that pen swept across the void.

Blood clouds appeared, and were quickly shattered and absorbed by this pen.

The “↑” continuously strengthened itself!

…

Meanwhile.

A vast amount of power of laws surged into the Five Elemental Realm from all directions.

Life Realm.

Other realms didn’t feel it as distinctly, as those punitive powers rarely appeared in other realms normally.

But in the Life Realm, the Life Emperor frowned slightly, stepping through the void to appear atop a tall mountain.

The Land of Heavenly Fate!

Originally, there was nothing in that void.

But now, it seemed a lot of power had been drawn away. Gradually, a corridor-like portal vaguely appeared. Yes, this was the Upper Realm passage.

The Myriad Realms had been closed before, leaving a door and a corridor, but this corridor was filled with punitive power of laws.

Who left this door behind, no one was too sure anymore.

The Upper Realm was actually left behind after the Allheaven Battlefield was opened.

It didn’t allow ordinary people to enter or exit.

Entering or exiting before the deadline would incur punishment, just like the Weapon King and Talisman King last time, who were severely injured. A few more would cause the punitive power in the passage to become even stronger.

And now, a portion of the punitive power was dissipating, flowing away!

“Hoo!”

The Life Emperor exhaled softly. Who was drawing away the punitive power?

Su Yu?

It might be him. He had also sensed some changes in heaven and earth just now. If it was Su Yu… did this fellow know that doing this would reduce the punitive power in the Gate of Heavenly Fate, potentially causing it to open prematurely?

Originally set to open in ten years, with Su Yu drawing from it like this, it might open in eight or nine years, or even seven or eight years!

Or even shorter!

“Does he not understand?”

The Life Emperor wasn’t sure, and he wasn’t certain if it was Su Yu’s doing. If it was, then Su Yu was digging his own grave!

And at this moment, on the other side of the Gate of Heavenly Fate, someone seemed to have noticed the anomaly, and faint voices drifted over: “Eh, some of the power of laws is gone. Is the Lower Realm about to open?”

“It was already close!”

“It seems even less now!”

It wasn’t just one person, there seemed to be several.

All had sensed the change!

The power of laws had diminished.

The Life Emperor frowned. Trouble!

The power of laws was weaker. The third person who came down before barely survived!

But now, it was weakened.

Perhaps, in this situation, one or two more could still come down.

If originally the fourth person was certain death, now it might be the fifth or sixth person who would face certain death!

“Su Yu… he’s dug his own grave!”

The Life Emperor murmured inwardly. A bit foolish, unless the benefits he gained from doing this were immense. Otherwise, the Upper Realm might soon see some changes, with one or two Daofuse experts descending, and the overall opening time would also be shortened!

On the other side of the passage, faint voices rose again: “Go inform Marquis Hou, the punitive power in the passage has decreased. Perhaps one or two more can descend!”

“Alright!”

“…”

The Life Emperor frowned. Indeed, everyone wasn’t foolish.

The fellows in the Upper Realm also knew something was wrong!

The Myriad Realms might soon have one or two more Daofuse experts from the myriad races.

At this critical juncture, an extra Daofuse expert would still have a significant impact.

It might even determine the outcome of the entire war!

Several Daofuse experts had died before, then the Talisman King descended, filling one spot, but it was still lacking. Now, if one or two more came…

Thinking of this, the Life Emperor frowned slightly. A moment later, he made a decision.

It was hard to decide anything now!

He still wanted to wait!

However, he could subtly connect with the Human Race, as a third party, to tell Su Yu that he had caused trouble. If he had drawn away the power of laws, it might now lead to people from the Upper Realm descending.

A ray of light flashed and disappeared, quickly flying out of the realm.

Following the drawn-out power of laws, it sought Su Yu.

“First, play it safe, place a small bet for now.”

The kind that wouldn’t result in a complete loss.

Secretly give Su Yu a heads-up. Even if the myriad races found out, he could deny it. Besides, the news of people coming from the Upper Realm would spread quickly anyway.

…

Five Elemental Realm.

Su Yu was still continuously shattering those blood clouds and devouring power.

He knew that drawing away the power of laws would cause the Upper Realm to open prematurely. He knew it, but… what was more important than him proving dao?

Even if ten years shortened to five, or even three, Su Yu still had to prove his own dao first.

As for after proving dao, if he still needed to draw power of laws… then he couldn’t draw from here. He planned to draw from the Luminous Domain Mansion.

There was a lot of chaotic power of laws on the eighth floor there.

But he didn’t need it yet. Su Yu might not be able to devour that now. The Five Elemental Race’s punishment, however, was neither too strong nor too weak, just right!

If it still wasn’t enough for proving dao later, he would let death spirits appear and invade the realm.

Anyway, Su Yu was determined to draw this power of laws!

He was strengthening his pen dao when he suddenly felt a faint power surge along the drawn power of laws.

Su Yu was slightly startled. Who did this?

Quite formidable!

He was about to shatter that power when, suddenly, that power seemed to sense Su Yu’s presence. A moment later, it transformed into a ray of light and flew towards Su Yu.

As it flew, it dissipated.

“The punitive power of the Gate of Heavenly Fate has weakened. One to two Daofuse experts may descend. Continuing to consume power of laws may cause more Daofuse experts to descend! The Gate of Heavenly Fate can still be maintained for about eight years…”

With that, the power completely vanished.

Leaving no trace!

Su Yu thought for a moment, he seemed to have heard this voice before. A moment later, he understood and chuckled, “Life Emperor!”

He recognized it!

Quite cautious!

Leaving no handle whatsoever, the power instantly dissipated. This fellow… was he making a small investment?

Not daring to offend the myriad races, nor wanting to offend the Human Race, trying to curry favor with both sides?

“Indeed, these so-called neutral races are a joke. They’re just betting on both sides!”

Su Yu knew this himself.

However, since the other party reminded him, he should at least remember this favor!

“One to two Daofuse experts, two years less time… that’s acceptable!”

Su Yu’s own plan was that after he proved dao, his combat power would increase, and he would be able to deal with Daofuse experts!

First, he would fight the Myriad Realms, which would take at most one or two years!

In about three years, he would have enough manpower to fight the Upper Realm.

He still had eight years, what was there to fear?

As for an extra one or two Daofuse experts, it was a good thing. It wouldn’t change anything, and it could even weaken the Upper Realm’s strength. Otherwise, if the Upper Realm had too many Daofuse experts, it would be harder to fight.

Su Yu even considered whether to keep fishing.

Lure them down one by one!

Until the Upper Realm no longer dared to send Daofuse experts down to their deaths!

He didn’t have time to think much. He continued to shatter the blood clouds and devour power. There were quite a few people. The Five Elemental Realm had played the role of a subservient race for so many years, and there were many old geezers in the clan, though most weren’t Eternal.

After a while, with a loud boom, Su Yu’s pen dao seemed to want to break through the void and depart!

Su Yu’s heart trembled!

Was the pulling force enough?

Could he go find the pen dao now?

I… am about to prove dao!

Yes, he seemed to be about to prove dao!

Su Yu was delighted. The next moment, his voice echoed down: “Topsoil, send someone to inform the Great Zhou King of the Human Race and Grand Dream City that one or two Daofuse experts might descend from the Upper Realm. Tell them to keep a close watch. I have important matters and might be delayed for a while!”

Su Yu didn’t know how long proving dao would take.

The River of Time was such that if you felt like only a moment had passed inside, perhaps you were just flowing downstream, chasing time, and time flew by quickly.

Of course, if you went upstream, time would pass slowly.

You might feel like a long time had passed, but outside, only a moment might have gone by. He still wasn’t sure where the pen dao was.

“Understood!”

The Topsoil Spirit responded. Just delivering a message, no big deal.

He was more curious about what Su Yu was going to do.

“Proving dao?”

He thought silently. Su Yu was growing stronger and stronger. Although he had inherited everything from the Five Elemental Ancestors, he felt that even if he were to reach Daofuse now, he might not necessarily win against Su Yu!

A terrifying fellow!

…

With a single stroke, he pierced through the River of Time, and Su Yu once again stepped into the River of Time.

At this moment, that arrow flowed upstream!

Su Yu breathed a slight sigh of relief. Thankfully, it was upstream, not downstream. This meant that this pen dao, by definition, existed in the past. Of course, "past" was just a figure of speech.

“But going upstream is harder… I hope I can reach that side!”

Su Yu quickly followed the arrow, flying upstream.

In the River of Time, huge waves surged!

It seemed to sense something, obstructing Su Yu from proving dao!

Rumble!

Waves swept over. Su Yu was struck by the waves, constantly pushed back, and he frowned slightly.

What’s going on?

Are you not letting me prove dao?

He struggled forward, and at this moment, the arrow also rode the wind and waves, flowing upstream!

Having come this far, how could Su Yu give up?

He wanted to prove dao!

Now, it was the end of Anping Calendar Year 352, about to enter Anping Calendar Year 353.

From beginning to end, Su Yu had been in the academy for three years now.

He hoped that next year, he could rewrite the era.

The Anping Calendar, perhaps, needed to change!

“Next year should be the first year of a new era!”

Su Yu thought to himself. Changing the calendar, that was the beginning of a new era!

This year was almost over, and he hadn’t mentioned