Chapter 676: So Many Perverts (10,000 Words for Subscription)

Su Yu wore a gentle smile, exuding pure kindness. 

How could there be any tyranny? Impossible! 

Speak to people as they are, speak to ghosts as they are. Could the majesty of an emperor, with mere tyranny and ferocity, solve every problem? 

The South Heavenly King, just a little fangirl of the Culture King! 

When it was time to be shameless, Su Yu was more shameless than anyone. If he cared about face, he wouldn't have suffered over eight thousand defeats. 

A man of the streets, able to bend and stretch. 

Su Yu wasn't from some prestigious family. 

As for what Lanshan Marquis thought, Su Yu didn't care. He was tough on the three great necromancer marquises because he could suppress them. Without a firm stance, it would be easy to repeat the Hundred Battle King's mistakes. 

Just as Su Yu himself said, he could seek help from foreign races, but not from the Human Race. 

This South Heavenly King was not of the Human Race. 

Even if the Martial Emperor was so powerful, Su Yu wouldn't seek his help! 

If he wanted the Martial Emperor's help, it would be through threats or coercion, never by asking for help. 

At this moment, Su Yu's smile was pure, like that of an innocent child. 

The South Heavenly King, in a daze, glanced at Su Yu, then at his clear eyes, as if seeing someone from the past. She couldn't help but ask, "How old are you?" 

"Twenty-one." 

"How old?" 

The South Heavenly King was taken aback. Su Yu chuckled, "Twenty-one by the Human Calendar, just having experienced two tidal years according to the Myriad Races Calendar." 

The South Heavenly King was stunned again. Around them, the other necromancer marquises were also taken aback, as was Lanshan Marquis. 

How old? 

Twenty-one? 

Su Yu's smile was gentle, with a hint of youthful innocence. "I entered the Human Race's higher academy at eighteen, went to the Allheaven Battlefield at nineteen, alone and helpless, forced to transform into a half-necromancer. Since then, I've fought north and south, gaining the support of many seniors, leading to today..." 

Su Yu's smile was pure. "Now, I can finally contribute to the Human Race. Luckily, I encountered the Culture King's legacy, or I would have died on the Allheaven Battlefield long ago." 

At this moment, from all directions, the marquises were in a daze. 

Two years? 

At nineteen, he entered the Allheaven Battlefield. In two years, he became the Human Lord, sweeping across the lands, killing the East King, destroying the West King, and soon unifying the Death Realm. Is this true? 

The South Heavenly King's face, not as dark as other necromancers, had a faint yellow tint. Now, her expression changed rapidly, her eyes filled with disbelief and a hint of imperceptible tenderness. 

This... a twenty-one-year-old child! 

Too young! 

Too small! 

He was only twenty-one. 

The South Heavenly King was momentarily dazed, her voice softening, "Your name is Su Yu?" 

"Yes." 

Su Yu smiled, "Pardon me, Master." 

"No, no, you're... incredible!" 

The South Heavenly King was shocked, "How did you, in two years, subdue the Human Race? Could it be that some from the ninth tide are still around, helping you?" 

Su Yu chuckled, "Not really. From the last tide, there was one, our Human Race's Great Zhou King. Unfortunately... I was just from an ordinary family, not worth his attention. Later, I apprenticed under the Culture King's multi-character lineage, only to be used as cannon fodder, heavily targeted! At eighteen, after half a year in the academy, I chose to flee, using my nurturing strength to trap and kill the Sunmoon targeting me. After that, I entered the Skysoar Realm and wandered the Allheaven Battlefield..." 

Su Yu's smile remained gentle, "The Culture King's lineage was targeted by the Myriad Races! When I went to the Allheaven Battlefield, the myriad races targeted me. First, the Sunmoon tried to kill me, then the Eternal. I had no choice but to seek survival, transforming into a resident of an ancient city. Fortunately, some city guardians valued me and protected me for a while. Who would have thought, the myriad races never gave up on destroying the Culture King's legacy, sending Daofuse to kill me, with Tiangu, Jiwu, and Demon Halberd joining forces to kill me... I had no choice but to seek help from the Culture King's Residence, where Fat Ball helped me with its five drops of blood essence, and sent Book Spirit and Tea Plant to assist me, allowing me to carry forward the Culture King's lineage..." 

Su Yu spoke as if telling a story, his smile incredibly harmonious, "Thus, I achieved today, slaying the Spirit Emperor, the Abyss Half-Emperor, the Dragon Emperor, the Golden-winged Roc Emperor... Then, I suppressed the Great Zhou King and other ancient factions, ascending to the position of Human Lord!" 

The South Heavenly King listened, her emotions fluctuating between shock, disbelief, surprise, and anger. 

At twenty-one, with no help from the Human Realm's strong, he ventured alone into the Allheaven, with the myriad races trying to kill him, and even the Eternal coming for him in the Skysoar Realm. To survive, he had to transform into a half-necromancer... 

This... this child had it too hard! 

At this moment, not only the South Heavenly King, but even Lanshan Marquis was hearing this for the first time. No one had specifically told them these things. 

For a moment, Lanshan Marquis forgot everything else, her face full of heartache and anger, "His Majesty has such talent, yet the Human Race didn't protect him? They even set obstacles for him?" 

Suppressing the Great Zhou King to ascend! 

She heard that! 

Su Yu smiled, "At that time, the Human Race was also in a difficult position. The Great Zhou King and others had no choice but to survive. My death was better than starting a war! The other Human Eternals didn't dare offend the myriad races for me, so they could only live in ignominy. They had it hard too, and I understand!" 

Su Yu chuckled, "After all, during that period, the Human Race was too weak." 

The South Heavenly King coldly said, "The Human Race, haha, this tide is so... so useless!" 

She couldn't help but curse! 

She could imagine Su Yu, alone and weak, wandering the Allheaven, the desolation, the loneliness, the helplessness... At twenty-one, the South Heavenly King couldn't imagine how Su Yu, in less than three years, reversed the heavens and ascended to the position of Human Lord! 

Too unbelievable! 

Lanshan Marquis was also speechless for a moment. This tide's Human Race... 

Lanshan Marquis gritted her teeth, "No wonder, I was wondering, how could this tide be like this, including the last great war, where the reinforcements were all from foreign races, only Tian Yue was Human, and from what I heard from Tian Yue, he wasn't even from this tide, not from the Human Race's forces?" 

Su Yu smiled, "Yes, he was from the Hunting Heavens Pavilion, a disciple of the Heaven Monitoring Marquis. The Heaven Monitoring Marquis betrayed the Human Race, betrayed the Culture King, and seeing that I was the Culture King's legacy, he sent him to kill me! Tian Yue couldn't bear it, eventually resisting and helping me, which was my fortune, or I would have died long ago." 

"Heaven Monitoring Marquis?" 

The South Heavenly King frowned, coldly saying, "He betrayed?" 

Su Yu nodded, sighing, "Yes, he betrayed, trying to kill me multiple times! Fortunately, some strong in the Hunting Heavens Pavilion saw my struggles, and with the Heaven Monitoring Marquis acting against the norm, they all turned to the light, with several ministers choosing to help me! Those who gain the Dao have much help, those who lose the Dao have little help!" 

Su Yu smiled, "That's why I have what I have today. Everyone sees my benevolence, my talent, and my legacy from the Culture King. The Spirit Suppressing Army, the Hou Race, the Iron Devourer Race, the Space Ancient Beast Race, Doubao, and Fat Ball, they all came to help me!" 

The South Heavenly King was slightly shocked, "In just two years, you managed to get all these races to help you, you... truly those who gain the Dao have much help!" 

Lanshan Marquis was also deeply moved. She knew some of Su Yu's stories, but not in such detail. At this moment, she could suddenly understand Su Yu's tyranny and coldness. 

He had it too hard! 

The Human Race was powerless and unwilling to help him. He could only rely on himself, constantly fighting, killing, and battling north and south. He must have had a very tough time! 

Look at what Su Yu said, around him were only those who came to kill him, but in the end, they were all moved to help him. This... is the charm of the new Human Emperor! 

At this moment, the South Heavenly King also forgot some of her previous thoughts. Looking at Su Yu, she was full of emotion and gentleness, softly saying, "The Human Lord's achievements today are due to the pain endured. Without experiencing hardships, how can one grow? The Culture King once said, 'When Heaven bestows a great task upon a person, it must first distress their mind and will...'" 

She spoke for a while, softly saying, "You haven't disgraced the Culture King's legacy. In such adversity, you managed to reverse the heavens. I heard that now the Human Race holds an advantage in the Myriad Realms. Is that true?" 

Su Yu smiled and nodded, "It's alright, but once the Upper Realm opens... that can't be said for sure!" 

The South Heavenly King frowned, after a moment, she spoke, "The Hundred Battle King is indeed useless. With such an advantage, he squandered the Human Race's foundation! But it has been hard on you!" 

Too hard! 

The South Heavenly King felt Su Yu had it too hard, born humble, with no support, alone, reaching today. If it took three thousand years, that would be acceptable, but Su Yu took three years! 

This... in any era, is unbelievable. 

Su Yu smiled, "No point in mentioning the Hundred Battle King! I only look at the present, not the past, nor the future!" 

At this moment, Su Yu's smile was no longer so harmonious. His face turned stern, solemnly saying, "I rose from the bottom, young and ignorant! All I know is that in this world, one must fight to carve out a clear sky!" 

A murderous aura rose! 

First, he was tender, gentle, a gentleman. At this moment, suddenly, his killing intent surged, unmatched in dominance. 

For a moment, the South Heavenly King felt this was how it should be! 

Yes, this is the Human Lord who fought his way out in three years! 

In his bones, he was tender, humble, but he also had his unique charm. No wonder he could gather the myriad races, with strong individuals from all races coming to help. 

Tenderness, dominance, decisiveness, murderousness, wisdom... 

In an instant, countless thoughts flashed through the South Heavenly King's mind. 

This generation's Human Lord is truly different! 

And at this moment, the necromancer marquises around her also felt the pressure. Su Yu's murderous aura surged, reaching the heavens. Even these necromancer marquises were horrified. How many people had he killed? 

A butcher! 

Indeed, worthy of being the Human Lord who fought his way up in three years. It didn't seem as light and breezy as he just said. Along the way, he hadn't killed few! 

As the murderous aura emerged, in the distance, the North King also looked this way. 

Su Yu also looked over there. 

Su Yu saw the other party, saw the tall and sturdy man, coldly saying, "North Heavenly King, do you really want to rebel?" 

The North King was momentarily speechless. 

Rebel? 

Perhaps... it could be considered so. 

Su Yu said indifferently, "I'll give you two choices! First, war! Fight to the death! Second, surrender, disperse your power of the Great Dao, and retain the strength of a necromancer marquis!" 

The North King's expression changed slightly, coldly saying, "Disperse the Great Dao?"

Su Yu spoke calmly, "Consider it yourself. There's no need to say more! Don't think of the Celestial River of Death as your trump card. If this river truly becomes chaotic, I'll take my people and retreat to the Death Realm for a while! Do you really think I can't kill you? What are you thinking? I control the Suppressing Spirit Realm. Do you believe that I can lead a million-strong army into the Suppressing Spirit Realm, provoke the undead, and cause countless undead to riot? It would be best if three to five Heavenly Kings emerged. I want to see where you would run then. Do you think they would join forces with you or coexist peacefully? Once the Four Kings' Domain is pacified, the Death Realm will be settled! After you've fought enough, I'll bring my people to clean up!"

The North Heavenly King was shaken!

Su Yu's voice turned cold, "I can open the undead passage at any time. Can you? If you can, then you have a way out. If not... don't think you have any leverage!"

The North King's expression changed unpredictably. After a long pause, he said coldly, "Human Lord Su, if you really do this, aren't you afraid of causing turmoil in the Death Realm, allowing the undead to break out and attack the living realms? Hongmeng is the guardian. If a large number of undead break out of the Death Realm, the first person to suffer would be Hongmeng!"

I don't believe you dare!

He didn't believe it!

But he was also worried that Su Yu might really act recklessly. If a large number of monarchs, undead marquises, or even Heavenly Kings appeared, then he, the original overlord, would undoubtedly face a huge impact!

There would certainly be strong individuals targeting him. The weak would want to kill him to seize the undead mark, while the strong would want to kill him to share the power of the great path!

The strong emerging from the Celestial River wouldn't be familiar with him. If they didn't attack him, who would they attack?

Of course, they might also fight among themselves.

If he was lucky, he might be able to strengthen his forces, but if a chaotic battle broke out, it wouldn't be a good thing. It would disrupt the current situation.

Su Yu's few words caused countless thoughts to swirl in the North Heavenly King's mind. He was genuinely worried that Su Yu might disregard everything and lead a million-strong army to attack, which would throw the Death Realm into chaos!

Su Yu chuckled lightly, "Let's wait and see! Keep an eye on the sky above your head. I might open a passage there at any moment... and cut you down on the spot!"

The North Heavenly King was startled. Quickly, he said coldly, "Impossible! Even I don't know what corresponds to the location above. How could you know where to open a passage?"

Despite his words, he was still worried, quickly scanning the sky, afraid that some powerful individuals might suddenly appear.

He added, "In the Allheaven Battlefield region, passages have been opened before. In the past, Hetu opened them, mostly within the East King's Domain. There has never been one in the North King's Domain!"

Su Yu laughed, "The might of the Human Race is beyond your understanding! Enough, I'm just scaring you. Don't be afraid. Keep your eyes wide open and watch the sky closely. I want you to collapse in fear! Fat Ball and the other 22 Daofuse experts are right above you, ready to kill you at any moment... don't be afraid!"

"......"

The North Heavenly King's face turned ugly, and he vanished in an instant.

He didn't want to converse with Su Yu any longer.

Su Yu's words made him uneasy.

Would Su Yu really lead a million-strong army to attack?

Would he really open a passage above his head?

He didn't know!

...

The South Heavenly King looked at Su Yu in surprise and couldn't help but send a voice transmission, "Can you really open a passage above his head?"

If so, that would be simple!

A thunderous strike!

Take him down!

Su Yu smiled, "Maybe I can. I can actually locate it, but it's hard to say where exactly above his head. If it's in the Immortal Realm... am I supposed to open a passage there? Even if I can, it's best not to! A thunderous strike would involve the living, and unless absolutely necessary, I don't want the Death Realm to fall into chaos! That doesn't meet my requirements!"

Perhaps it could be opened.

Su Yu actually had a way. For instance, he could leave the Human Lord Seal here and go to the Myriad Realms to look for it... but finding it would be quite difficult. The Allheaven Battlefield would be fine, but if it corresponded to a small realm, then forget it!

If it was right above Tiangu's head, what would be the point of opening it? It couldn't be opened!

Just scaring the North King!

The South Heavenly King frowned and asked, "So, what does the Human Lord mean... just watch?"

Su Yu shook his head, "No, wait! First, scare him a bit. If he's willing to disperse his power of the great path, that would be best. If not... then wait for a while and launch a strong attack!"

"A strong attack..."

The South Heavenly King hesitated for a moment, "Here, I'm probably not his match, unless Hongmeng comes to assist me, and we join forces to kill him!"

Su Yu smiled, "How about I assist you, Master?"

"You..."

The South Heavenly King actually wanted to say, you're too weak, but it was hard to say.

Su Yu smiled, "I'm not as strong as some Heavenly Kings, but I've merged with the pen dao, so I do have some strength. In a one-on-one fight, I naturally can't match the North King... but if we join forces, we can at least hold him off! Not only that, I also have a drop of East King's blood essence and a drop of West King's blood essence."

"What?"

The South Heavenly King looked at Su Yu, not quite understanding his meaning.

Su Yu smiled, "With the blood essence, I can borrow the power of the undead great path and barely exert the combat strength of a Heavenly King, though it won't last long."

Both the East King and West King had been scattered too much.

Su Yu hadn't planned on taking the blood essence, but Lanshan Marquis and the others had left him a bit. Hetu knew Su Yu's situation and had collected some of the West King's items, not giving everything to others to enhance their strength.

Su Yu could actually use the undead race's blood essence, but it would require a drop to open the interface first, and then he could borrow the power, which wasn't very cost-effective.

The South Heavenly King looked at Su Yu with some surprise.

Borrowing the power of the great path!

Barely exerting the strength of a Heavenly King, this... if that's the case, then perhaps they could join forces with Su Yu to fight the North King!

Su Yu smiled, "It's best not to use other powers! Once Senior Hongmeng leaves, I'm worried that during the great battle, the Celestial River of Death might have an incident. If a few undead marquises come, see us fighting, and notice General Hongmeng's departure, forcing their way through the undead passage, it would be troublesome!"

This must be guarded against!

The South Heavenly King thought for a moment and nodded, "Alright! If you can barely exert the power of a Heavenly King, then we can join forces. Even if we can't kill the North King, we can weaken the power of the undead marquises under his command! He has 14 undead marquises under him, while we, even with the East King's Domain, only have 14!"

She had only 10 undead marquises under her command, far too few in number.

If a fight broke out, the South Heavenly King was worried about who would weaken whom.

And Su Yu transmitted, "No rush, let's wait! This time, I brought 27 guardians over, capturing some undead monarchs, killing them to enhance themselves. Once they all advance to the ninth stage of the Eternal Realm, three guardians can definitely handle one undead marquis!"

Currently, many of the guardians were at the seventh or eighth stage, requiring five or six to deal with one undead marquis.

Once they reached the ninth stage, with their petrification technique and weapons, they would have strong resistance against the undead. The undead marquis's greatest strength was the power of death. Once that was resisted, three ninth-stage guardians could definitely handle one, even if they couldn't kill them, they could hold their own.

That would be equivalent to having 9 more Daofuse experts!

Of course, in the living realm, three ninth-stage guardians would have difficulty dealing with one Daofuse expert, as living beings had more methods.

Upon hearing this, the South Heavenly King was moved.

If that's the case, then with the undead marquises, they would have 23 Daofuse experts. The other side had 14 undead marquises... there was indeed hope to kill a large number of undead marquises and then join forces to kill the North King!

"What should we do now?"

The South Heavenly King asked, and Su Yu smiled, "Wait! Surround the North King here. The Celestial River of Death might have some disturbances. Don't let the North King know what's happening over there! Cut off his communication with the outside world, don't let him receive any information!"

The South Heavenly King nodded, that wasn't a problem.

Soon, the South Heavenly King added, "But the guardians can't absorb the undead marks when they kill the undead. How can they become stronger..."

Su Yu smiled again, "No worries, the Luminous Domain Mansion is under my control! I can directly take people inside!"

"Undead can't enter through the passage..."

The South Heavenly King said again, and Su Yu smiled, "There's a teleportation passage here."

"Teleportation?"

Thinking for a moment, the South Heavenly King nodded, "It seems so. I can't remember clearly, but it seems the Martial King did bring people in through teleportation back then."

Su Yu had control of the Luminous Domain Mansion, so that's how it was.

The East Heavenly King had died in the Luminous Domain Mansion.

...

Meanwhile.

Hetu and his group, along with three undead marquises, began capturing undead experts everywhere, especially those near the Celestial River of Death that had just awakened. They even ventured into the Celestial River of Death, deliberately luring some awakened experts out to capture them.

Hetu brought 27 guardians, over a hundred monarchs, and 3 undead marquises. Even if a Heavenly King emerged, they could still fight!

For a time, the Celestial River of Death began to stir again!

...

North King's Palace.

North King's Hall.

All 14 marquises were looking at the North King, while the North King was looking at the sky.

He was pondering whether Su Yu could really open a passage above his head.

It seemed possible!

If it was opened, and that dog was really outside, what then?

Last time, he had seen it stomp the West King to death with one foot, and not just him, others had seen it too.

At this moment, an undead marquis said in fear, "Heavenly King, if a passage suddenly opens above, then... should we disperse?"

The North Heavenly King said coldly, "Disperse? Are you looking to die? If the South King and others launch a strong attack, and we are dispersed, we'll be picked off one by one!"

What were they thinking, wanting to disperse!

Soon, an undead marquis from the Immortal Race said in a deep voice, "Heavenly King, why not find a way to seek help! Seek assistance from the living realms! The 36 passages are impassable, and without the living realms contacting us, it's difficult for us to contact them. Even if they open a passage, most would appear in the East King's Domain... I mean, take a small path through the Abyssal Realm! Contact the outside world and seek help from all races! In the living realms, put pressure on Su Yu!"

The North King frowned, "You think I haven't thought of that?"

He had thought about it!

The key was, damn it, that passage allowed undead to enter, but they were all weak and lacked intelligence. That wasn't the main issue.

The main issue was... it seemed the Abyssal Race was gone!

Yes, it seemed they were gone.

This was not merely a coincidence. Back when the Great Zhou King fought in the Death Realm, the intention was to sever the connection between the Abyssal Race and the Death Realm. Now, the largest link between the myriad races and the Death Realm had been cut off. If they could also sever the thirty-six city channels, then the only way to contact the Living Realm would be for the experts of the Living Realm to open the death channels themselves. The key issue was... if they opened it, it would most likely be from the East King's Domain!

The North King was pondering a question: from where did the West King's Consort leave?

At this moment, he indeed wanted to seek assistance. Although the opposing forces were not necessarily stronger than his own, he truly feared that Su Yu might open a passage above and stomp him to death with a single step!

As he was contemplating, Su Yu's voice suddenly echoed from the outside, cold and chilling, "North King's Domain, fourteen Death Spirit Marquises, six from the Immortal, Demon, and God races! Slay one Immortal, Demon, or God Marquis, and you will have performed a meritorious deed, sparing your life! Slay the North King, and the Immortal, Demon, and God races will be pardoned of their treason!"

The North King's expression turned icy as he abruptly looked at the other eight marquises in the grand hall, saying coldly, "Do not listen to his deceitful words! He cannot conquer the North King's Domain!"

"The Human Race's fortune is flourishing. You all... should take care of yourselves!"

At that moment, a grand seal floated in the sky! The Human Lord's Seal erupted with dazzling brilliance, beginning to devour the rules of the North King's Domain, expelling the rules of the North King's Seal!

Inside the grand hall, some of the Death Spirit Marquises felt uneasy. A few Death Spirit Marquises from the Immortal, Demon, and God races gritted their teeth and said, "Do not listen to that guy's nonsense. If he could truly conquer the North King's Domain, he would have done it long ago! The glory of the Human Race has long passed, just like the ancient times, gone forever!"

Su Yu was truly venomous! He was sowing discord among these Death Spirit Marquises!

In the next moment, a group of people looked outside again. In the void, a pen stretched across the heavens, causing many Death Spirit Marquises' faces to change. They saw that pen writing words in the void.

"Punish the traitors!"

"Reward the meritorious!"

"Those who perform meritorious deeds can be pardoned, but traitors must be executed..."

The North King furrowed his brows, letting out a cold snort that shook the heavens and earth. The pen trembled violently, and at that moment, a powerful aura erupted from Su Yu's body. With a single stroke, a thunderous explosion resounded, and death energy erupted.

Su Yu's calm voice echoed once more, "North King, you are a traitor! Watch as I strip you of your throne and sever your head!"

The North King coldly replied, "You, a mere Daofuse Realm cultivator, think you can strip me of my throne?"

What a joke! His throne was conferred by the ancient imperial court. In this era, who could strip him of his throne?

However, inside the grand hall, several Death Spirit Marquises were extremely worried. One of them hurriedly said, "Heavenly King, that pen of his... it seems like the Culture King's Pen. The ancient conferments were all written by the Culture King. If he dares to say such words, could it affect the rules of heaven and earth?"

The North King was instantly shaken! The morale in the grand hall plummeted.

Could it really be stripped away by that guy?

If it were stripped away and Su Yu conferred a new Death Spirit Heavenly King, the North King's Domain would become someone else's territory. Here, others would receive blessings, and they would be suppressed.

There would be no way to fight!

Now, even the North King was somewhat alarmed, saying with a cold face, "It shouldn't be possible. What strength does he have?"

Regardless, they couldn't panic!

A Marquis from the Immortal Race said in a low voice, "Heavenly King, why don't we charge out now?"

"Charge out?"

The North Heavenly King furrowed his brows, "And after we charge out?"

"After we charge out?"

The many death spirits were slightly stunned. Yes, what then? What would they do?

Su Yu could still return to the Living Realm, but what about them?

The Immortal Marquis said solemnly, "Contact the Immortal, Demon, and God realms, slay Hongmeng, and seize control of the passage. Then we can come and go as we please!"

Seize the passage?

The North King frowned, "The Immortal Race isn't opening the Upper Realm now. Are you sure you can deal with that dog?"

"......"

Suddenly, everyone became dispirited again. It would probably be difficult!

The more they thought about it, the more pessimistic and desperate they became.

What if Su Yu really stripped away the throne?

If the throne was stripped away, the North King would be doomed!

At that time, even if Su Yu didn't confer a new king, the South King, who truly had a throne, could use the power of laws to suppress them!

People were anxious!

Among the fourteen Death Spirit Marquises, there were probably some who were having second thoughts.

This was quite normal!

Previously, when Su Yu's side was in decline, even among the ten marquises under the South King, there were those who had second thoughts. It was only after seeing the White Dog kill the West King that they instantly steeled their resolve and dared not betray.

Now, it was the same.

The North King's side was not weak, but they clearly had no way out. Did they really want to sink with the North King on this ship?

Killing an Immortal, Demon, or God Death Spirit Marquis would absolve all sins.

Outside the North King's Mansion, Su Yu was writing pardons in the void, and countless books flew toward the North King's Mansion.

Some death spirit experts received them and felt a majestic imperial aura!

"Kill a peer Immortal, Demon, or God Death Spirit, and be pardoned of death!"

Books also flew into the grand hall of the North King's Mansion, but with a cold snort from the North King, all the books were destroyed!

However, everyone knew!

In the void, Su Yu even imprinted the Human Lord's Seal, engraving these words in the void, his voice resounding, "This decree, I, Su Yu, personally promise, stamped with the Human Lord's Seal, witnessed by the Myriad Realms! It shall be an iron law! Correcting the chaos, gentlemen, remember this!"

The North King let out an angry roar, punching out, shattering the words in the void.

The North King roared, "Su Yu, do not think you can use these lowly tactics to sow discord in the North King's Mansion! If you truly want to take me down, let's fight one-on-one. If you can defeat me, the North King's Mansion will be yours! Is the dignified Human Lord only capable of such despicable tactics?"

Outside the North King's Mansion, Su Yu's indifferent voice came, "I am 21 years old, by the Human Race's reckoning! If you think you can defeat me now, then I will admit I am inferior to you. If you are not afraid, seal your strength to the level of a Death Spirit Marquis, and I will fight you! At 21, I am confident I can fight a Marquis! Do you dare?"

"......"

Damn!

The North Heavenly King roared internally, shocked. Really 21 years old?

I don't believe it!

Su Yu continued, "Or you can send a Marquis to fight me. If I lose, North King, I promise you, the North King's Domain will be yours from now on! If I win, you will disperse your power of the Great Dao. Do you dare?"

"......"

Get lost!

The North King would never let his fate be decided by these subordinate Death Spirit Marquises. If they lost, would he really disperse his Great Dao?

The North King was having a headache!

He wanted to duel Su Yu, but Su Yu wouldn't agree. He wanted to dampen Su Yu's spirit, but Su Yu claimed to be 21 years old, daring to fight a Death Spirit Marquis. What could he say?

How to dampen his spirit?

The North Heavenly King was momentarily overwhelmed, wondering what to do.

No way to seek help!

Charging out, there was nowhere to run.

Not charging out, just stalemating with Su Yu here?

If Su Yu's side really opened a passage above one day, and the White Dog came to kill, how would he escape?

A barely audible sigh echoed in his heart.

This life was unbearable!

...

On Su Yu's side, the South King couldn't help but glance at Su Yu several times.

Unable to resist, she asked, "Will those Death Spirit Marquises really betray the North King?"

Su Yu smiled, "Not now, but this is a seed! In a favorable battle, there's no problem, but in an unfavorable battle, when they feel the crisis and the North King is powerless against them, I bet there will be Marquises who will defect!"

Su Yu said meaningfully, "The same logic applies to my side. If it comes to that, maybe... there will be Marquises who consider betrayal."

The ten Marquises beside the South King remained expressionless, but their hearts were slightly startled.

This person... was talking about them, right?

Su Yu chuckled, "Just kidding, how could Lanshan Marquis betray me?"

Lanshan Marquis was speechless. Why did it come to me?

In the next moment, Lanshan Marquis quickly said, "Your Majesty, I will not betray you. I will fight to the death for Your Majesty!"

Su Yu nodded, saying nothing.

Talking to Lanshan Marquis about this was meaningless; she was single-minded!

He looked again at the North King's Mansion, his gaze drifting toward the distant Celestial River of Death. At this moment, the river was slightly turbulent, probably because Hetu and the others were taking action!

As for the North King, he was determined!

It was just a matter of minimizing losses!

Su Yu pondered these thoughts, quickly transmitting to the South King, "If the South King fights the North King alone, can you hold on?"

"We are of the same level. He has the advantage here, slightly stronger than me, but it's impossible for him to kill me..."

Su Yu understood, quickly saying, "Then when the battle breaks out, I'll go and kill those Death Spirit Marquises first! If the South King can hold on, I'll bring reinforcements to help!"

"You... be careful, Human Lord!"

Su Yu nodded. I can see the power of the Great Dao, so what is there to be careful about?

Dealing with the North King was difficult for Su Yu.

Dealing with ordinary Death Spirit Marquises, with my pen dao, I might be able to directly seal or sever their power of the Great Dao. Su Yu felt that it wouldn't be a big problem; these death spirits had too few methods!

He kept thinking, actually trying to strip the North King of his throne, but naturally, the result was... impossible.

He couldn't even strip the old turtle's generalship, let alone a throne.

The gap was too large!

Wait until Su Yu could set the rules before talking about stripping!

Or if the Human Race's fortune flourished, it could suppress the power of rules here.

"As long as I kill one or two God or Demon Marquises first, there will definitely be Death Spirit Marquises who will defect!"

"This is the charm of orthodoxy!"

Su Yu murmured in his heart because the North King was a traitor!

The ancient unification still had its benefits. At least the strong in the Death Realm knew one thing: the Four Heavenly Kings were conferred by the Human Race!

Otherwise, if Su Yu talked about stripping the throne, everyone would probably take it as a joke!

At this moment, he could only wait.

He hoped that Shan Qi and the others would capture more strong individuals, so he could take them to the Luminous Domain Mansion, kill the monarchs to advance, and then come back to kill the North King.

...

At the same time.

Phoenix Realm.

A small-headed little phoenix flew toward the mouth of the realm. The strong guard at the realm's passage scolded, "Heavenly Phoenix, don't run around. Where are you flying to? It's dangerous outside. The Phoenix Emperor has ordered that no one is allowed to enter or leave!"

The little phoenix looked eagerly, "I want to go out and see, to train. Even if I don't go out... I want to go to the passage entrance and have a look. I haven't been out for a long time!"

The strong guard sighed, shaking his head, "No way!"

"Then forget it..."

Chapter 693: The Peculiar Blue Sky

The young phoenix felt aggrieved. "I just wanted to find Blue Sky and ask him to return my younger siblings..."

As soon as these words were spoken, the expressions of the powerful beings guarding the passage changed drastically. Some gritted their teeth, while others, with their true phoenix forms manifesting, burned with fiery rage.

"Blue Sky!"

That name was like a thorn in their hearts, unforgivable! He had captured three thousand phoenix descendants in one fell swoop, an act of sheer atrocity!

"Then you definitely can't go out. That beast... how detestable!"

The guardians were filled with fury. The little phoenix, feeling dejected, said, "Then I'll just wait here. I want to wait for my siblings to come back." It flew to a nearby tree, perched there, and let out a few mournful cries. The sound was so sorrowful that it nearly brought the guardians to tears.

Such misfortune! Our clan's genius can't even step outside. When will this end?

...

It wasn't just the Phoenix Realm. At this moment, in the Ape Realm, Dragon Realm, Nether Realm... aside from the three major races of Immortals, Demons, and Gods, other races with Daofuse Realm experts had gathered near their passage entrances.

They were waiting!

...

In the Human Realm.

Blue Sky, in a female form, appeared with a coquettish smile. "Your Majesty, Great Zhou King, all my siblings are in position! We're just waiting for the seals from each prefecture to be sent in! When will you lure those Daofuse experts away?"

The Great Zhou King's mouth twitched. "Wait! Wait for the right opportunity!"

After speaking, he couldn't help but ask, "How many avatars do you actually have?"

"Ah, why say it like that? I don't have avatars; those are all my siblings..."

Pervert!

The Great Zhou King, a man of vast experience, had seen all sorts of people, yet he felt uneasy around Blue Sky. He quickly said, "Yes, yes, you're right. Blue Sky, you wait here. I have some matters to attend to."

"Let me help you."

"No need!"

The Great Zhou King refused promptly, "No trouble at all. Your main task is to send the seals of each prefecture into the various realms, as close to the Daofuse experts of each race as possible. But be very careful not to get discovered, or it will be a huge problem!"

"Don't worry!"

Blue Sky said coquettishly, "Your Majesty, don't you trust me? I'm not like those brutish men, fighting and killing. I'm just burying some things. We women are best at hiding treasures!"

"…"

The Great Zhou King got goosebumps and forced a smile, "That's for the best. I'll be off then..."

Seeing him about to leave, Blue Sky said wistfully, "Your Majesty is leaving so quickly. Do you dislike me?"

The Great Zhou King's head was about to explode! If it weren't absolutely necessary, he would never want to cooperate with this person. Unfortunately, they needed Blue Sky now.

The Great Zhou King quickly said, "No, I really have important matters to attend to! Emperor Yu left many tasks, and I must hurry to complete them!"

"Alright then, Your Majesty, go ahead."

The Great Zhou King breathed a sigh of relief. Before he could step out, Blue Sky giggled, "The Human Realm is so boring. I'll go play with some old friends. Your Majesty, call me if you need anything."

"Don't run around. If I can't find you, we'll miss the opportunity..."

"I won't."

Blue Sky giggled, "Your Majesty can just call out. Especially at the Great Zhou Prefecture's City Lord's Mansion, half of my siblings are there. Just call out, and they'll respond!"

"Cough, cough, cough!"

The Great Zhou King coughed violently. Really? I haven't noticed any! Don't mess around!

But Blue Sky ignored him, already disappearing from sight, leaving a voice echoing behind, "Your Majesty, next time you return to the mansion, don't make me serve you tea again. Last time, you scared me to death, getting so close. I thought you had discovered me."

"…"

The Great Zhou King was dumbfounded!

Just leave! This lifetime, the next, I never want to work with this pervert again!

This pervert is truly walking further down this path. His avatars don't reveal their strength, so no one notices them. Of course, the flaw of Blue Sky's avatars is that once they reveal their strength, they can be easily identified. But is that really a flaw? Who would ask someone to reveal their strength all the time?

"This tide of humans has too many perverts!"

The Great Zhou King murmured to himself. Perhaps this is humanity's last flash of brilliance. With extinction looming, a flood of geniuses has emerged.

Blue Sky, this pervert, can probably only be suppressed by Su Yu.

"However, it's good that he's here. Each race has his avatars. If Su Yu's plan succeeds, unifying the lower realm isn't far off!"

The Great Zhou King thought silently, somewhat lost in thought. This tide is so weak, so difficult, he had almost lost hope. Yet now, he sees a glimmer of unification.

How strange!

In the last tide, so strong, he never thought humanity could truly unify. At most, they could co-rule the world. Have the myriad races weakened, or has humanity grown stronger?

The Great Zhou King sighed again, deciding not to dwell on it. If the Hundred Battle King truly returns, even he would have to serve Su Yu, that little pervert, who is not to be trifled with.