Chapter 773: Things Have Changed

Abyssal Realm.

Su Yu had finally returned.

After battling the Martial Emperor for three days, the rough edges of his newly opened path had been smoothed out.

"Your Majesty!"

Seeing Su Yu's return, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. If the fight with the Martial Emperor had continued, they feared it would escalate into a life-and-death struggle, which would have been troublesome.

Su Yu nodded slightly, scanning the crowd. This time, opening the path had its gains and losses. Notably, Lanshan and Lantian were both seriously injured. Although the Great Zhou King wasn't severely hurt, his vitality was significantly depleted.

Looking around, Su Yu noticed that many had advanced to the Daofuse Realm. However, above Daofuse, their progress seemed average. The one who had made the most progress was the Topsoil Spirit, who had astonishingly reached the second-tier Daofuse Realm, catching up with the likes of September, who had yet to advance to the Heavenly King level.

"Still no Heavenly Sovereign-level combat power?"

Su Yu glanced around. Aside from Fat Ball showing some progress, it seemed no one else had reached the Heavenly Sovereign level. Clearly, watching his path-opening had not resulted in significant breakthroughs for them. Despite having so many Heavenly Kings, none had advanced.

He felt a tinge of disappointment. He had hoped someone would step into the Heavenly Sovereign domain.

Beside him, Wan Tiansheng spoke up, "In fact, everyone has progressed rapidly, including myself. I feel there's hope for further advancement soon, but digesting and comprehending takes time! The Great Zhou King, Marquis Huoyun, and others are close, but it won't happen overnight."

The Great Zhou King also chimed in, "Indeed, it takes time. We've gained so much insight in the past few days that we haven't had time to digest it all! I believe we'll all experience a period of rapid advancement soon!"

Su Yu nodded slightly.

On the other side, the Great Qin King and the Great Xia King exchanged glances. Soon, the Great Qin King stepped forward, "Your Majesty, Old Xia and I... you mentioned before... about us changing our cultivation paths, but..."

You haven't guided us!

Su Yu chuckled, "Are you sure? You're really giving up on the physical path? Don't worry about the Desolate Beast's physical path; it's essentially the same as the human physical path!"

The potential of the physical path is actually greater.

The two exchanged another glance, and soon, the Great Qin King nodded, "We're giving up the physical path. We want to pursue the path of blades and spears!"

Su Yu laughed, "That's fine too. Changing paths isn't too difficult for me! As for the Desolate Beast's path, since you're not planning to cultivate it... that's fine. We can extract the power of the physical path to help everyone restore their bodies! This path was originally left by the Culture King to restore vitality!"

The four paths of brush, ink, paper, and inkstone were all left by the Culture King to revive the dead spirits. The inkstone path was meant to repair bodies and restore life force.

However, Su Yu had many alternatives now, so he didn't necessarily need this one.

"Severing the Desolate Beast's path to satisfy everyone's physical cultivation and restore their bodies might even help everyone advance further..."

At this point, Su Yu looked at the South Heavenly King and others, smiling, "Next... my biggest goal should be to revive all of you!"

As for the outside world, he wasn't in the mood to deal with it for now. First, he needed to strengthen his side!

Reviving the South Heavenly King and others might give birth to Heavenly Sovereign-level powerhouses. Now that he had opened the path of life and death, Su Yu still had hope of reviving the dead spirits.

Continuing, Su Yu said, "Tongtian, prepare yourself. I need to go to the eighth floor of the Luminous Domain Mansion!"

The reason for going was to retrieve the treasures left by the Ink Path and Paper Path in the houses of the Great Dao. Last time, Su Yu had taken the treasures of the Pen Path and Inkstone Path, one being the corpse of a Desolate Beast and the other a Sanctification Seal. This item could suppress a ruler of laws once or twice. Su Yu had only used it sparingly before, not consuming much.

This was one of Su Yu's trump cards!

He hadn't used it much because he was reluctant to waste it, but if used well, it might be able to deal with a ruler of laws, or even take the opportunity to eliminate them.

Previously, even if he suppressed a ruler of laws, Su Yu couldn't do anything to them. But now, if they were suppressed, Su Yu had a chance to kill them!

How many rulers of laws were left in the Myriad Realms now?

The treasures left by the Culture King were indeed excellent.

The Hunting Heaven List had been left for Liu Hong to use. Now, Su Yu looked at Liu Hong, "Come with me! I need to retrieve some treasures left by the Culture King!"

If he didn't take them now, they might be useless later. For now, they should still be helpful.

Liu Hong nodded, not saying much. He felt exhausted and didn't want to speak.

Su Yu still remembered the tens of thousands of merit points from back then, which made him feel tired and sad.

Marquis Tongtian quickly stepped forward and responded, "Your Majesty, are we going now?"

"Yes!"

Su Yu nodded, adding, "Also, my newly opened world cannot move yet; it still exists within chaos! In other words, the source of my Great Dao, the foundation of my Great Dao, is still within chaos!"

He couldn't move that place.

If he took it away now, taking away the foundation of the Human Lord Seal and the Mark of Civilization, the Great Dao in other places would repel it, possibly causing it to collapse.

Upon hearing this, the Great Zhou King looked serious, "Your Majesty means?"

Su Yu smiled, "It's nothing. Leaving it there, no one can touch it! Just like the Human Emperor's path, the Death Path, the Time Path, they're all left here, so what? No one can touch them!"

"I'm saying this just to mention that my world is newly opened, still in the state of chaos... If anyone is willing to comprehend it, they can go and see how the new path grows! Perhaps before, everyone didn't have much time to observe..."

The Great Zhou King said solemnly, "The Great Dao is inherently secretive; how can we casually observe Your Majesty's path?"

"Nonsense!"

Su Yu frowned, "Comprehending the Great Dao isn't about being stingy! It's about progressing together! No matter how powerful one person is, they can't surpass the insights of millions... If you all go to comprehend the Dao, I only have one request: leave some of your insights in that world to help me perfect and complete my Great Dao! The Time Path, at first, might not have been as perfect as it is now... Later, as more people comprehended it, they perfected it to its current state!"

Yes, this was also Su Yu's insight.

Whether it was the Time Path or the Death Path, they probably weren't this powerful initially. Now, it's just that more people have comprehended them, and the Great Dao has absorbed everyone's insights, strengthening itself.

Everyone was slightly moved by this... Was the Great Dao absorbing their insights?

Su Yu didn't elaborate. He quickly looked at someone.

That person also looked at Su Yu swiftly.

"Consort Qi!"

Consort Qi slightly tensed, "Emperor Yu!"

Su Yu smiled, "No need to be formal. I have a small request..."

Consort Qi understood his intentions, sighed, and quickly nodded, "I understand. If I have pseudo-paths that match everyone, I'll hand them over for everyone to absorb and strengthen their own Great Dao!"

Pseudo-paths and true paths can strengthen each other.

Consort Qi had previously acquired some pseudo-path power. Seeing Su Yu's gaze, she guessed his intentions.

Su Yu smiled, "If Consort Qi wishes to continue cultivating the Petrification Path, I'll help you find a true path. Merging a pseudo-path with a true path might make you a Heavenly Sovereign! The Petrification Path might not be limited to King Gong's path! There might not be any conflict!"

Consort Qi was currently cultivating the Petrification Path and had reached the Heavenly King domain, comprehending it for many years. However, pseudo-paths have a low ceiling, making it difficult to become a Heavenly Sovereign.

Finding a true Petrification Path to merge might make Consort Qi the first to reach the Heavenly Sovereign level on Su Yu's side.

Heavenly Sovereign combat power is one thing, but the realm is another. Fat Ball, for instance, has the combat power but not the realm.

Many on Su Yu's side have combat power exceeding their realm, including Wan Tiansheng and Lantian. They're path openers, but who knows how far their paths will go or how to distinguish their realms?

Without fully opening, they're not considered rulers of laws!

Consort Qi said solemnly, "If possible, I would trouble Your Majesty to find a Petrification Path for me!"

Before this, she hadn't mentioned it.

And Su Yu hadn't said anything either.

Back then, Su Yu wasn't strong enough, and she might not have pledged allegiance to him. If she had always wanted to leave, why would Su Yu easily help her find a true path to become a Heavenly Sovereign? That would be asking for trouble!

Su Yu smiled, "Alright, once I've handled some matters, I'll help you find a path! As for the pseudo-paths you have, if they can be used by everyone, that would be best. I hope this time, everyone can gain something!"

Merging pseudo-paths will certainly make everyone stronger. It's just unclear how many Consort Qi has, how strong they are, and who they match.

If they can match a few Heavenly Kings, that would be even better!

Even if the realm doesn't advance, as long as the combat power does, it's fine.

Consort Qi quickly said, "I don't have many pseudo-paths, only nine at the moment, but the strongest one is a pseudo-Heavenly King path!"

Upon hearing this, many people's eyes flickered.

Heavendoom was particularly eager, "Is it the Great Club Path?"

"......"

Consort Qi ignored him; of course not.

Heavendoom's path is rather niche, not a common path.

Consort Qi didn't keep them in suspense, directly saying, "It's the Devouring Path!"

"Another Devouring Path?"

Heavendoom was dismayed!

Oh my!

At this moment, everyone's expressions became even more peculiar. This was tricky; the Devouring Path had quite a few practitioners.

Fat Ball, Flatbread, September, and the Hou Pseudo Emperor were all strong in this path.

This... the pseudo-path power of the Heavenly King level, whoever absorbs it will gain immensely.

Who should it be given to? This was quite a dilemma.

Su Yu, however, wasn't so conflicted. He glanced around and smiled, "The Heavenly King-level Great Dao power... give it to Flatbread!"

Beside Doubao, Flatbread blinked, looking a bit bewildered.

To me?

It seems I'm not the only one cultivating the Devouring Path.

"September can become a Heavenly King on his own, and the Hou Pseudo Emperor just switched paths recently, so he should stabilize first, no rush! Fat Ball doesn't need it; Fat Ball can comprehend and open its own path..."

Su Yu chuckled, "Flatbread Senior, you should devour more! Reach the Heavenly King Realm soon, so there won't be any family discord when Doubao grows stronger and you can't control him."

"......"

At these words, everyone suddenly burst into laughter. The previously tense atmosphere lightened up, with many casting glances at Doubao. Doubao, on the other hand, bounced slightly, looking a bit innocent.

What happened? What did I do?

Su Yu then turned to Lantian, smiling, "Lantian, my friend, take good care of your injuries. It would be best if you recuperate in the new world I've opened. I'll activate the Human Lord Seal for you to enter and comprehend the myriad paths at the source of the Great Dao, mending your Dao injuries."

Lantian nodded slightly, saying nothing.

The Source of the Great Dao! The Human Lord Seal was now the source of the myriad paths that Su Yu had opened. This place wasn't something just anyone could enter casually. Of course, no one else commented on it. Lantian had risked his life for Su Yu several times, and by now, everyone knew that Lantian's status and position with Su Yu were steadily rising.

Continuing, Su Yu smiled, "I'm heading to the Luminous Domain Mansion soon. After that, I'll be busy preparing for the revival... Once I'm done, I hope that Flatbread, September, and Yingwu can all step into the Heavenly King Realm!"

"Lanshan, you should also rest well. You all should go to the Land of Chaos and comprehend the Dao of Life and Death, especially Hetu... If I choose to revive, Hetu might be my first choice!"

Hetu took a deep breath and said solemnly, "Thank you, Your Majesty!"

"No need for thanks!" Su Yu laughed, "Being the first is the most dangerous. You know that yourself. You could even be considered a test subject, so make sure to comprehend the Dao of Life and Death thoroughly!"

Then, Su Yu looked at someone in the crowd, "Zhou Hao!"

"At your service!"

From the back of the crowd, Zhou Hao, whose strength wasn't particularly strong, stepped forward. He was at the Sunmoon Realm, which wasn't much in a place where Daofuse experts were nearing a hundred. Since Su Yu had taught him the 72 Castings and the method to open 360 acupoints, he hadn't paid much attention to Zhou Hao. Although he was called a disciple, Su Yu had never formally accepted him as one.

A descendant of the Martial King! This time, Su Yu had likely met the Martial King, though he hadn't seen his true form. But the Martial King was still alive. Zhou Hao might be the only descendant left of the Martial King.

Su Yu observed him closely and nodded slightly, "Not bad progress. You've completed the 72 Castings and opened the 360 acupoints! Your physical body is much stronger than others; even some Eternals might not be able to defeat you... It's similar to my situation back then, just lacking in mastery of the Dao laws!"

Su Yu had been through this stage himself. When he first emerged from the Luminous Domain Mansion, he could kill Eternals, but it was all about explosive power, and he needed Wan Tiansheng's help to suppress the opponent's rules.

Su Yu smiled, "This time, I might have met your ancestor! He's still alive, and... he seems to be doing quite well. From the way he spoke, he seemed quite cheerful. After all these years, it's not easy to remain so joyful. Before I left, he did ask about his descendants... I told him they were all dead, and the Martial King seemed a bit saddened."

Everyone's hearts stirred. Even the Great Zhou King couldn't help but ask, "Your Majesty, did you really meet the Culture King and the Martial King?"

Su Yu laughed, "What, did you think I was lying to Fat Ball before?"

"No..."

The Great Zhou King wanted to deny it, but... alright, he did think Su Yu was lying before!

Su Yu laughed, "I did meet them, but it was across a different time and space. Let's put it this way, we weren't in the same dimension! I managed to enter through a special state, in a void-like form. Otherwise, under normal circumstances, I wouldn't have been able to enter, and even if I did, I probably wouldn't have been able to come out."

The ailing Marquis Lanshan couldn't help but ask, "Your Majesty, did you meet with the Martial King? Did you talk?"

Su Yu laughed, "We exchanged a few words. Time was tight, so I told him to shut up. He seemed to talk a lot. Was he always this talkative?"

"......"

Marquis Lanshan's mouth fell open, and others exchanged strange glances.

Really? You told him to shut up? The Four Extremes Human King! You... are truly audacious!

Su Yu didn't care and quickly said, "Zhou Hao, I'm going to the eighth floor, and you should come too! Last time, the Great Ming King had some gains at the Culture King's Residence. I hope you can gain something at the Martial King's Residence!"

He looked at Zhou Hao and smiled, "Give your ancestor a surprise. He thinks all his descendants are dead, but suddenly one appears. It should be quite amusing!"

What a mischievous thought! Amusing, is it? Everyone was speechless!

Zhou Hao didn't know what to say, so he decided to say nothing.

"Everyone, cultivate well! This is a rare period of peace, but it might not last long!"

Su Yu finally declared loudly, "If I hadn't succeeded in opening the path, it might take a long time before we go out. But since I've succeeded, this time might not be long!"

Everyone exchanged strange looks. How long would it be before we go out? Well, maybe it really won't be long!

Coming down here, everyone's strength was rapidly improving, frighteningly fast. If this continues and a few more Heavenly Sovereigns emerge, Su Yu might really go up soon. With enough strength accumulated, why stay down here?

"Marquis Tongtian, open the portal!"

In the Death Realm, opening the portal to the eighth floor was quite simple for Marquis Tongtian. Soon, he opened the portal. This time, only Liu Hong and Zhou Hao followed. Liu Hong seemed more excited than Zhou Hao. Su Yu glanced at him; this Teacher Liu... was never honest!

Ever since Su Yu had known him, he had never been honest. Judging by his demeanor, he might gain something at the Luminous Domain Mansion. Of course, like the Great Zhou King, Liu Hong liked to keep a card up his sleeve. He wouldn't reveal everything, which was normal. Everyone has their secrets.

Liu Hong had contributed several times, so Su Yu couldn't be bothered to say anything more.

...

Eighth Floor!

Su Yu appeared once again on the eighth floor. Fortunately, the eighth floor wasn't inside the Martial Emperor's body, or the Martial Emperor would be furious. In fact, the Martial Emperor knew Su Yu had come again because the teleportation required passing through his body; otherwise, it wouldn't reach the eighth floor.

However, having just self-destructed a clone, the Martial Emperor was in a gloomy mood. He disliked Su Yu but didn't make a sound, letting Su Yu and his group enter the eighth floor without obstruction. Stopping Su Yu would mean another three-day and three-night battle? He was almost going crazy!

"Let's go to the Culture King's Residence!"

At this point, the eighth floor was almost unimpeded for Su Yu, with no danger at all. The scattered power of laws was nothing. Besides, he had 60 council tokens. With these, he wouldn't be targeted.

Council tokens were valuable. He'd use them eventually! Su Yu had collected more than half and was already thinking about how to trap a bunch of people with them. But for now, he didn't need to use them.

Culture King's Residence.

Su Yu once again arrived at the backyard. The words "Observing Heaven" appeared before him. This time, Su Yu looked at them for a while longer and chuckled, "Observing Heaven and Seeking Dao, the Culture King... is indeed a formidable figure! Always has been!"

Silently, he opened the heavens! No one knew what kind of heavens he opened or where he opened them.

Liu Hong nodded along, while Marquis Tongtian lamented, "He's formidable, but his words aren't reliable!"

He had promised that I could seal an era! Su Yu glanced at him, bold, aren't you! Aren't you afraid the Culture King will come back and lock you up?

Ignoring him, Su Yu pushed the door open. This place was familiar to him. While Su Yu was familiar, Marquis Tongtian curiously looked around, gradually feeling something strange. Zhou Hao, on the other hand, didn't think much. He was an honest person, genuinely curious, "The Culture King is indeed amazing. The flowers and trees he planted are still alive after all these years without care!"

In the courtyard, the flowers and plants were in full bloom!

Su Yu remained expressionless. Liu Hong kept a straight face, saying nothing. He couldn't respond, couldn't expose the truth. If these flowers and plants weren't Su Yu's doing, he wouldn't be called Liu!

Probably, the Culture King's Residence had been emptied out! Here, Su Yu used it to decorate the facade. It looked vibrant, but all the good stuff was gone.

Soon, the group arrived in front of four small houses. The pen dao and ink dao were empty. Su Yu approached a coffin-like house and looked at Liu Hong, "What's the inheritance item of the Ink Dao? Open the door!"

Liu Hong chuckled dryly and quickly took out an item. A pitch-black coal ball? Su Yu glanced at it and nodded, "Just like you, suits you, matches you, black-hearted!"

"......"

Liu Hong felt exhausted. How am I black-hearted? What did I do to you? Just a few thousand merit points, and you're still holding a grudge?

Saying nothing, he inserted the coal ball into the lock, and soon, the Dao lock opened. Liu Hong casually stuffed the lock into his storage ring. The action was identical to Su Yu's first visit, no, even more natural, so natural that neither Marquis Tongtian nor Zhou Hao noticed.

Su Yu glanced at him, and Liu Hong turned his head slightly, stiffening a bit, his eyes questioning, Do you want it? At your level, do you still want this? If you do... I can give it to you!

Su Yu's eyes seemed to speak, as if saying, Get lost! Liu Hong immediately grinned, no longer looking at him. It seemed Su Yu didn't want it. It was a good item, so he'd keep it for himself.

Like the previous two houses, this one also contained a table and a box. Marquis Tongtian eagerly asked, "What good things did the Culture King leave behind?"

A Sanctification Seal, a Desolate Beast corpse, so what did the Ink Dao leave behind?

Su Yu looked at Liu Hong, "Open it and see!"

Liu Hong did not hesitate. He stepped forward and opened the box. Inside, just like before, was a piece of paper and an item.

Su Yu glanced at the paper. It roughly stated that the Ink Dao was the weakest among the four inheritances, but it was unique. It was a branch forcibly opened on the Death Path. This path was not for everyone; it required a special state, such as a half-dead spirit state. The purpose of forcibly opening this path back then was for resurrection.

"Ink Dao, extracting the power of the Death Path, is detrimental to vitality..."

"Specially reserved: one Longevity Pill!"

Su Yu was taken aback. A Longevity Pill?

Liu Hong was also surprised. "So this is it! I thought it was something else. Turns out it's a Longevity Pill, the best treasure for replenishing vitality and lifespan!"

He suddenly looked at Su Yu. "Your Majesty seems to have exhausted his lifespan. This... this is a great item! If Your Majesty takes it, he will surely restore his lifespan, perhaps even surpassing his past self! The Great Zhou King took one, and its vitality power was extremely strong!"

Indeed, it was a Longevity Pill, a treasure, a supreme treasure! This item was refined by slaying a rule master of the Immortal Race, using their Dao power and blood essence. It was said that three pills were made back then. Is this one of the three, or an extra one?

This thing was left for the Ink Dao inheritors to replenish their vitality. Liu Hong, in fact, didn't really need it. Mainly because he had been to the Intersection of Life and Death and had comprehended the power of life and death. Previously, when Su Yu extracted the power of life and death, he also intercepted some. Actually, the Ink Dao's current consumption of vitality wasn't too significant.

Su Yu looked at the pill. It was imbued with divine radiance, and upon closer inspection, it seemed as if the rules of the Great Dao were permeating it, with a rich vitality power contained within.

Su Yu nodded slightly. "A great treasure! This pill not only extends lifespan but also aids in comprehending the Dao of Life. If given to someone cultivating the Life Dao of the Immortal Race, it might quickly elevate them to the top tier!"

It seemed that no one on his side was cultivating the Life Dao. Otherwise, just this one pill could give birth to a top-tier expert. This pill was no less valuable than the corpse of a Desolate Beast!

After observing for a while, Su Yu smiled and said, "Let's keep it for now; it might come in handy! It can extend lifespan, strengthen vitality, and aid in comprehending the Dao of Life. Perhaps... it could be useful for resurrecting the dead!"

Liu Hong nodded. That was indeed possible. If a dead spirit were to be resurrected, how much lifespan would they have? Would it start anew, or how would it be calculated? These were all complex matters!

With this item, Su Yu could also consume it to restore his own lifespan. Although he had opened his own path, he hadn't yet reached the level of a rule master. He wasn't at that stage yet. As such, Su Yu's lifespan hadn't been restored.

Soon, Su Yu left the room and headed to the next one, while Liu Hong casually took the table with him.

...

Paper Dao Room.

The Hunting Heaven List appeared, and soon, Su Yu opened the room. The layout was the same: a table and a box. This time, Su Yu opened the box himself. Again, there was a piece of paper and a treasure.

"Paper Dao, I have not opened it... Paper Dao, as I see it, might be the path of avatars, or the path of myriad laws, or the path of unity... All laws return to one! Paper Dao is a speculative path, manifesting as avatars, one law per body..."

The Hunting Heaven List was originally created by imitating the Book of Time. The Culture King himself had never cultivated any Paper Dao. This time, the treasure left by the Culture King was also somewhat special, or rather, very special!

"Ten thousand divine characters left behind!"

"I have fought across the Myriad Realms for many years, killed countless enemies, and left behind ten thousand divine characters to aid the inheritors of the Paper Dao in their cultivation..."

Su Yu glanced at it, suddenly gritted his teeth, and couldn't help but curse, "If only... if only I had come earlier!"

Damn it!

Ten thousand divine characters were essentially the embryonic form of the power of laws. The Culture King actually left this in the Paper Dao room. He had indeed fought for many years, killed countless enemies, and collected ten thousand divine characters. It sounded like a lot, but in reality, it was just that. He might have killed more than ten thousand enemies.

Su Yu quickly took a deep breath and then smiled. "Lan Tian's Dao injuries have a solution now! He might even advance further. This time, he can truly comprehend the embryonic forms of the myriad paths within the Time Dao!"

Su Yu's own was, after all, too immature. These ten thousand divine characters would solve Lan Tian's problem.

Liu Hong also beamed. "These are all great things. Luckily we came. With this, Teacher Lan Tian's Dao power will soon be perfected, and he might enter the realm of Heavenly Sovereigns!"

Su Yu smiled, glanced at him, and said, "What about you? You only have the Longevity Pill, which doesn't seem to help you much. Yet you followed along so eagerly. I remember you once said there were treasures on the ninth floor, but the ninth floor is already destroyed. I recall telling you that. Did you know about this?"

Liu Hong chuckled, "I knew, I knew!"

"Then aren't you leaving empty-handed this time?"

Liu Hong laughed heartily, "It's alright. I'm not that kind of person. It's no big deal if there are no treasures."

Su Yu gave him a sidelong glance and, after a moment, said, "Honestly, do you need my help?"

Liu Hong looked embarrassed, quickly coughed, and said, "No need, no need! I'll just visit the Nether Emperor's Mansion!"

"Hmm?"

Liu Hong sheepishly said, "The Ink Dao is considered part of the Death Path, but not entirely! It's more like the path of the Nether Race! The Culture King might have referenced the Nether Emperor's path when opening the Ink Dao, so I want to visit the Nether Emperor's Mansion to see if I can gain anything!"

Su Yu nodded slightly. "Alright, you go to the Nether Emperor's Mansion. Zhou Hao, you go to the Martial King's Mansion! I hope both of you can gain something, especially you, Liu Hong. If I want to resurrect the dead, I might need your help to suppress the backlash of the Death Path!"

Liu Hong's strength was neither too strong nor too weak. After coming out of the Intersection of Life and Death, he had actually integrated a lot of the Ink Dao. Now, he was roughly at the third-tier Daofuse level, which was already a rapid improvement. In fact, during this period, many people had been left far behind by Su Yu.

Liu Hong, up to this point, could still keep up, which was quite impressive. For the resurrection, the Ink Dao would likely be needed. Su Yu could handle the power of other Daos himself, but the fluctuations of the Death Path would still require the Ink Dao to suppress!

Liu Hong chuckled and nodded. "These are minor matters. I'll do my best. Once I master the Ink Dao, I might be able to suppress some powerful dead spirits!"

"If you have any problems, you can talk to me!"

Su Yu glanced at him. This guy was used to hiding things and rarely spoke up voluntarily.

"Of course, thank you, Your Majesty!"

Liu Hong scampered off, running swiftly. Su Yu shook his head, not saying anything more. Beside him, Zhou Hao also bowed and quickly left.

Su Yu exhaled. "I hope they all gain something!"

He then looked at Marquis Tongtian and asked, "When can you reach the Heavenly King level?"

Marquis Tongtian sheepishly replied, "It's difficult!"

"Difficult?"

Su Yu smiled. "The potential of the Gate isn't small."

Marquis Tongtian suddenly whispered, "Well... actually, it's not that difficult."

"Speak."

Marquis Tongtian sneakily said, "Your Majesty, if you kill the Martial Emperor and give me his Heaven Gate power to consume, or if you kill that Yue Hao from last time and let me consume the power of the Gate of Hell... I might become a Heavenly King by stealing some power from other Gate races!"

Su Yu's eyes flickered.

Marquis Tongtian conspiratorially said, "Your Majesty, it's just like you stealing power from the Time Dao. I can also steal power from other Gate races!"

He appeared somewhat sly. "Your Majesty, if I steal a bit, and if I steal a lot, maybe... I can even open other Gates! Like the Gate of Hell, or the Heaven Gate..."

He grinned, "By then, don't just talk about being a Heavenly King, even becoming a Heavenly Sovereign or a rule master wouldn't be a problem!"

As he spoke, he became excited. "Your Majesty, anyway, the Martial Emperor and the Control King's lineage are enemies. If you kill them, don't waste it! Give me the power of the Gate, and I can definitely become stronger, rapidly stronger!"

Su Yu pondered, speaking softly, "In this world, are there only these two Gates? Are there other Gates?"

"That, I'm not sure!"

Marquis Tongtian instantly shut his mouth, not daring to speak more. He was now afraid of Su Yu.

Su Yu nodded slightly. "The Control King's lineage will have to be dealt with sooner or later! If we can kill Yue Hao and the others, I'll let you consume the power of the Gate of Hell!"

Marquis Tongtian was delighted!

If that were the case, he could also make rapid progress!

His Dao power was quite unique. In recent times, he hadn't made much progress. His second-tier Daofuse power was actually about the same as before. After unsealing the eighth floor, he originally had about second-tier Daofuse power. Now, he was just regaining his strength.

"Let's go, let's check out the other mansions. The mansions of the various emperors of different races, I can enter them all this time. If there are benefits, I'll take them all!"

At this moment, Su Yu held the council token, controlling the power of myriad Daos. In this place, he could truly move unhindered!

First, let's loot all the other mansions!

Over in the Abyssal Realm, a bunch of people were waiting for resources. Ordinary ones wouldn't do, as their strength was already quite formidable.

...

While Su Yu was reaping benefits.

In the Human Realm.

The prefects of the thirty-six prefectures had all arrived. Marquis Zhennan and Wen Qi were also present. At this moment, Marquis Zhennan looked at the Hundred Battle King approaching from the sky, his eyes complex. Soon, he loudly declared, "Minister Zhennan, pays respects to Your Majesty!"

"Rise!"

The Hundred Battle King approached through the air, smiling slightly, nodding as he looked around. The others, including Xia Huyou, also bowed.

"We pay respects to the Human Lord!"

The ninth generation Human Lord, Hundred Battle!

He had returned!

The Hundred Battle King's willpower swept across the Human Realm, sensing it, and he smiled. "Well done!"

The Human Race lived in peace and prosperity. Su Yu had left without causing any destruction. Moreover, all the experts above the Sunmoon Realm had been taken away, which was actually a good thing. Of course, it was a bit more troublesome than planned, and there would be fewer Daofuse births.

At this moment, Marquis Jiang Hai said solemnly, "Is there not a single person above the Sunmoon Realm in the Human Race?"

They were all gone!

He felt that Su Yu had gone too far! Not a single Eternal was left behind!

Xia Huyou, with a smile plastered on his face, quickly said, "Senior, please forgive us. The others... they all chose to leave. We couldn't stop them. Everyone has their own ambitions, and we can't force them."

Xia Huyou swiftly added, "Human Lord, we have prepared a grand banquet. Representatives from all sides have arrived. Would you like to meet them?"

Marquis Jiang Hai coldly remarked, "You want His Majesty to meet with those who aren't even Eternals?"

Wasn't that underestimating the Hundred Battle King too much?

Xia Huyou remained silent, not daring to think too much, simply bowing his head quietly.

The Hundred Battle King, however, didn't say much. He smiled and said, "Then let's meet them! By the way, are you a descendant of the Battle King?"

"Human Lord, you have sharp eyes. My Xia family has always carried the Battle King's bloodline, but by my generation, we've already shamed our ancestors..."

The Hundred Battle King chuckled, nodded, and didn't say much more.

He glanced at the other prefects, and finally, his gaze landed on Marquis Zhennan. In a soft voice, he said, "Thank you all for your hard work!"

The vast Human Realm was managed quite well.

If the strong chose to leave, so be it!

At long last, he had returned. After six thousand years, the Human Race now felt somewhat unfamiliar to him, and he felt a bit like an outsider.

Six thousand years ago, when he was in the Human Realm, it was a time of great unity and fervor.

Unfortunately, after he chose to feign defeat six thousand years ago, this Human Realm was no longer his.

The thirty-six prefects only showed him superficial politeness, unlike the days when his return to the Human Realm would drive countless people into a frenzy.

"Things change, people change!"

With a sigh, the Hundred Battle King felt a sense of dislocation. This Human Realm was different now!