Chapter 845: Fear (Please Subscribe)

(Feeling unwell, constant rumbling in the stomach)

Upstream of the River of Time.

Hidden in the shadows, Su Yu's body trembled slightly, his eyebrows instantly raised. The heavens and earth were expanding, growing stronger! And at an incredible speed!

"Has he merged with the Dao?"

Su Yu's heart stirred. A top-tier powerhouse had merged with his own world, the Great Zhou King! Besides him, there was no one else...

The Great Zhou King had merged with eight paths of the Dao, each reaching the true power of a ruler of laws. Some of these paths had been under his control for many years, inherently strong. The number of paths doesn't mean everything; quality matters too.

The eight paths the Great Zhou King merged with this time were of high quality, much stronger than the ones everyone had just broken through with last time. These paths had been under the Great Zhou King's control since ancient times. However, later on, the Human Emperor sealed the heavens and earth, forcing the Great Zhou King to seal those paths and cultivate others.

Thoughts raced through Su Yu's mind. He was somewhat surprised! The Great Zhou King, known for his patience, had chosen to merge with the Dao himself this time, which was unexpected for Su Yu, yet somewhat understandable. Because he saw the Human Emperor's physical body but not the Great Zhou King.

The Great Zhou King hadn't come! His absence meant he chose to stay behind in the Myriad Realms. At this moment, he must have known the great battle had erupted and chose to merge with the Dao now, which wasn't too surprising.

Su Yu quickly began to digest everything, remaining silent. Behind him, a formidable physical body was flying forward. The overwhelming pressure made Su Yu feel suffocated. This was the Human Emperor's physical body!

The body bore some injuries, some from the Dao, others seemed like backlash wounds. It was unclear whether the Human Emperor had been beaten by the myriad races or if it was due to the backlash from merging with his future self, leading to a period of weakness.

At this moment, this body possessed no consciousness. The Human Emperor, much like Su Yu, wouldn't allow his physical body to develop its own intelligence, challenging his sea of will. That wouldn't be the Human Emperor.

Now, this body only had some instinctive reactions, flying towards the Human Emperor as summoned, its aura formidable, suppressing the river!

The Xingyu Imprint of the Human Emperor could suppress the river for a moment, let alone his true form. Powerful!

As the body approached, Su Yu felt suffocated. The Martial Emperor's face was also extremely solemn. So strong! It was merely a physical body, yet terrifyingly powerful.

The Human Emperor, the number one in the heavens, truly lived up to his name!

At this moment, ahead, the great battle descended.

Boom!

Paths of the Dao crisscrossed the river!

Su Yu focused his gaze. At this moment, he finally witnessed the scene of large-scale battles between rulers of laws. It wasn't just simple one-on-one duels! There was coordination!

Yes, both sides had some coordination. A grand formation appeared instantly. In the void, the Radiant King waved his hand, and a grand formation emerged. The moment it appeared, Su Yu saw that all the humans' auras surged, their strength seemingly enhanced, and the power of their Dao grew stronger.

Amplification!

It was somewhat similar to the effect of a world. Su Yu's heart stirred. The Radiant King must have understood some world effects. If he continued developing like this, he might eventually open a world.

With the formation, the humans' strength increased, but on the other side, a dragon and a phoenix spiraled towards the Radiant King.

Compared to the two Heavenly Venerables of the dragon and phoenix in the Myriad Realms, these two emperors had completely different auras! Not just their auras, but also their combat methods and techniques.

The Dragon Emperor roared, transforming into his true form, enormous beyond measure, covering the sky and blocking the sun. His powerful body coiled around the heavens, forming a massive siege!

Within this siege, the Radiant King was trapped. And within the siege, chaos erupted, the Dao was obstructed, resembling a world isolation.

The Phoenix Emperor spread her wings, sweeping across, shattering all space within the siege. The Radiant King's whereabouts were completely exposed, his expression heavy. The Dragon and Phoenix Emperors seemed to have vaguely reached the first tier!

At this moment, the Dragon and Phoenix joined forces, one encircling, one attacking, their coordination extremely tacit!

The Radiant King was instantly entangled!

And this was just one corner of the entire battlefield.

Elsewhere, several rulers of laws harmonized, sound waves shaking the heavens, sweeping across the battlefield. The Dao's sound waves attacked in all directions, making those who heard them dizzy!

In the void, Eight Eyes and the Eye King opened their eyes, each seeing the other's figure, different worlds appearing in their eyes, engaging in a battle of minds!

Further away, the Martial King's Dao companion, wielding a large blade, led seven or eight female powerhouses in a charge, slicing through the River of Time, forcibly blocking over ten rulers of laws on the opposite side from advancing onto land.

The swinging blade frightened the opponents, causing more powerhouses to appear for reinforcements, lest the Martial King's consort break through!

Other non-rulers of laws also erupted into battles at this moment.

On the myriad races' side, three great powerhouses of the Immortal, Divine, and Devil races quickly shattered the void, vaguely forcefully teleporting a section within the River of Time, instantly appearing behind the Human Emperor's shadow, all attacking the Human Emperor!

The Immortal Emperor floated in the air, seemingly with an ancient evergreen tree behind him, countless branches extending towards the Human Emperor.

"Your Majesty, knowing your physical body hasn't healed, you should have let me treat it earlier. Why drag it out until now?"

The Immortal Emperor's voice carried a smile, "Your Majesty, don't leave. Forcing a union now will only worsen your injuries!"

The three first-tier powerhouses appeared, and the Human Emperor's shadow was instantly entangled!

Beside the Human Emperor, the Battle King slashed out with a blade, roaring, "Your Majesty, I'll cover the retreat!"

"You're not enough!"

At this moment, the Divine Emperor appeared, as if sacred, his aura shaking the heavens. He threw a simple punch, forcing the Battle King to retreat continuously, his long blade trembling. Moreover, a powerful sacred force spread from the blade.

That force even made the Battle King's blade seem rebellious, wanting to turn back and slash the Battle King!

The Battle King's aura erupted, his blade aura shaking the heavens, instantly shattering that special sacred force. With an angry roar, he charged again, but was no match for the Divine Emperor, easily repelled.

"Hurry and kill your way through, let the Human Emperor's body return to the heavens!"

A voice, indifferent to the extreme, rang out. The next moment, someone chuckled, and in the River of Time, a gray land emerged.

"Wherever the Netherland is, it is my land!"

The gray land rapidly spread.

In the blink of an eye, everyone saw that on the gray land, a powerful emperor stood, with multiple rulers of laws standing behind him, quickly advancing towards the Human Emperor's physical body!

"Stop them!"

The Battle King roared in anger. The next moment, on the Human Race Continent, suddenly, a person appeared, holding a rope, suddenly throwing it into the void. On the Netherland, the Nether Emperor's face turned cold, "Radiant King's consort, why aren't you saving your man? What are you meddling in here!"

The person who appeared was the Radiant King's Dao companion, also a top-tier powerhouse, a first-tier ruler of laws!

On the human side, there were only four first-tier powerhouses at the moment.

The Human Emperor, Radiant King, Martial King's Dao companion, and Radiant King's Dao companion.

But the myriad races had many more.

The Radiant King's consort, with a delicate appearance, was much more slender than the Martial King's consort. Yet at this moment, she was incredibly fierce, the rope disappearing into the void. In the blink of an eye, the rope appeared behind the Nether Emperor, suddenly ensnaring a ruler of laws!

The Nether Emperor frowned slightly, shouting, "Go, encircle and kill her, the others continue!"

He couldn't be entangled with the opponent for too long here. The Human Emperor's physical body was rapidly approaching, and he couldn't stay here to tangle with this one. He needed to deal with the Human Emperor's physical body!

On his Netherland, stood dozens of rulers of laws. At this moment, several second-tier powerhouses, along with five or six non-second-tier ones, quickly stepped out of the Netherland, heading towards the ruler of laws being pulled, also towards the area where the Radiant King's consort was!

To block the opponent!

And the Nether Emperor didn't bother further, continuing forward, the Netherland breaking through formations rapidly!

Along the way, more powerhouses emerged.

The Nether Emperor didn't bother with them, as the myriad races had more powerhouses. Soon, one after another appeared, blocking those powerhouses.

Over 120 rulers of laws, while the humans had only about 50.

Even two against one seemed too many!

But the humans were also fierce. The Human Emperor's shadow and the Radiant King had taken away five first-tier powerhouses, incredibly powerful.

Here was the core strength of the Myriad Realms!

Behind, the Battle King broke free from the Divine Emperor, who was also blocked by the Human Emperor. At this moment, the Battle King, leading two or three human rulers of laws, roared, "That's a trap, you fools of the myriad races, the Human Emperor's physical body is about to self-destruct, get out of the way!"

No one paid attention!

And the Battle King roared again, "Nether Emperor, do you want to die? The Human Emperor's physical body is incredibly powerful. If you block it, and it explodes, how many of you want to die?"

The Nether Emperor remained unmoved!

No matter how strong the physical body, it only had instincts!

If they didn't block the physical body, once the Human Emperor's spirit and flesh united, the current Human Emperor was clearly making a last stand. It wasn't the usual skirmish. If the Human Emperor truly fought to the death, it wouldn't just be a few deaths!

The Human Emperor's death battle was the most terrifying thing!

Now, the three great powerhouses could still block and even suppress the Human Emperor's sea of will. Once the spirit and flesh united, the three might not be able to suppress it, and could even be counter-killed, requiring more powerhouses to deal with the Human Emperor!

Moreover, it would require a bloody price!

The Nether Emperor and his people weren't children, not easily intimidated by a few words!

"Stop the Battle King!"

The Nether Emperor gave a low shout, and soon, powerhouses flew towards the Battle King, blocking him.

The Netherland continued to cover the river, spreading deeper.

The Nether Emperor's group had already seen the incredibly powerful physical body flying towards them. The Nether Emperor's eyes flickered, scanning around. Eight Eyes had already been blocked. He said in a low voice, "Giant Ear, listen for any movement!"

Beside him, Giant Ear's large ears twitched slightly, quickly listening.

The myriad races were also afraid.

Afraid of a trap!

The Human Emperor's side had tricked them more than once. Those who had been tricked and were still alive were very cautious.

The Battle King's words just now also seemed to have a bit of reverse psychology.

However, blocking the Human Emperor's physical body was necessary. On one hand, there was the fear of a genuine trap, and on the other, they couldn't help but leap into it. At this moment, the only thing they could do was to be extra cautious.

The Nether Emperor watched as the Human Emperor's body flew towards them, but he didn't advance further. He was worried about potential problems if he went deeper.

Beside him, Giant Ear listened intently, his brow slightly furrowed. "It seems... there might be someone ahead!"

Someone? Was it truly a trap? Or was it merely a strategy by the Human Emperor to scare them, preventing them from blocking him, allowing him to reunite his spirit and flesh?

He quickly turned back, scanning each battlefield. The humans had 52 rulers of laws. Not counting Xingyue! At this moment, he swiftly scanned through them; they were all present. No clones! If there were clones, a battle would have erupted by now, and it would be impossible to hide.

This meant that all personnel on the Human Emperor's side were present. If there was someone or a trap, it could only be from the Myriad Realms!

The Myriad Realms... He pondered for a moment. The Myriad Realms had been sealed until recently. Even if they produced strong individuals, even if the humans had some conspiracy, what kind of strong individuals could emerge in such a short time?

It had only been a few days since the Myriad Realms produced a ruler of laws!

Various thoughts flashed through his mind. At this moment, someone softly said, "Nether Emperor, it's best not to go deeper. I vaguely see a special power surrounding the river ahead!"

Su Yu's power of the heavens and earth! This group had quite a few tricks up their sleeves.

The speaker was an old man with entirely white pupils. At this moment, he projected the scene ahead, vaguely visible. The river was surrounded by a special power, and the direction and area he saw were precisely the regions covered by Su Yu's heavens and earth.

The Nether Emperor slightly furrowed his brow and quickly said, "Then let's block him here!"

Don't rashly advance! Although it seemed the humans had no more tricks, it was still necessary to be cautious. The humans were cunning, and the Human Emperor's proactive initiation of war was unusual.

The Nether Emperor was very vigilant. Blocking the Human Emperor's body from merging here would suffice!

...

In the rear.

Su Yu slightly furrowed his brow. They stopped? He seemed to sense that his power of the heavens and earth had been touched. Had they discovered it?

"The Myriad Races... myriad methods... they do have quite a few tricks."

It seemed they had seen the coverage of his heavens and earth, which was somewhat unexpected for Su Yu.

Beside him, the Martial Emperor was also puzzled. Had Su Yu's trap failed? Usually adept at scheming, but at the critical moment, it was useless? How unfortunate!

"Those people seem to have stopped coming!"

The Martial Emperor transmitted a message. If they didn't come, and Su Yu stepped out of his heavens and earth to fight them head-on, the losses would be significant!

Without the augmentation of the power of heavens and earth, how could they contend with these people?

Su Yu remained silent. The Human Emperor had previously said that if they didn't enter the encirclement, they shouldn't act!

Since that was the case, Su Yu chose to wait!

Boom!

A loud noise came from the front. This battle was exceptionally fierce. Su Yu glanced over, his eyes flickering. Ahead, the rulers of laws had yet to determine a victor. In the blink of an eye, some Daofuse cultivators were already fighting to the death!

There were both humans and myriad races.

Moreover, on the human side, they were quickly falling into a disadvantage. The myriad races had too many strong individuals. The Nether Emperor had brought only about 20 rulers of laws.

That meant it was nearly 100 against 50, a true two-on-one.

Moreover, the deployment wasn't even like that. The myriad races were concentrating their powerful forces, trying to eliminate some human experts first. Su Yu had already seen several rulers of laws facing nearly a dozen opponents each!

At this rate, soon, human experts would fall!

Su Yu furrowed his brow. Had the Human Emperor considered this?

At this moment, the opponents weren't entering the ambush circle. If he didn't act, how would he respond?

100 against 50. In reality, 60 or 70 rulers of laws were enough to entangle the human experts. The rest were almost all mobile forces. 30 rulers of laws surrounding one Daofuse cultivator, even a Daofuse cultivator would fall!

The myriad races were strong, but the only thing they lacked was the killing intent that humans had. Because they held the advantage, the myriad races didn't want to die at this moment, which was why the humans could hold on.

But at this rate, soon, someone would die!

Su Yu was pondering when suddenly, a torrent roared in his ears!

A massive wave sound swept through the heavens and earth!

A bone-chilling aura spread!

Beside him, a golden figure flashed by. It was the Human Emperor's body. At this moment, the Human Emperor's body bypassed Su Yu and the Martial Emperor's area, instantly crossing out of Su Yu's heavens and earth, charging towards the Nether Emperor and his group!

This body carried an unstoppable momentum!

According to the original plan, if the Nether Emperor and his group advanced, they should have quickly entered Su Yu and his group's encirclement. By then, the Human Emperor's body wouldn't have arrived yet!

Unfortunately, the Nether Emperor and his group didn't come!

At this moment, Su Yu also frowned.

The Human Emperor's body had only instincts. His sea of will was entangled, suppressed by three great experts. The body alone couldn't match so many strong individuals.

So now... should he act or not?

Hold on a bit longer!

Su Yu chose silence.

...

At this moment, the Nether Emperor's eyes flickered as he looked at the rapidly approaching Human Emperor's body. He said in a low voice, "Such a strong body, even if it's just an empty shell and injured, it brings me immense pressure!"

At this moment, in the rear, the Battle King roared madly, his combat power immense. He slashed a ruler of laws away, leaving a few human rulers of laws to entangle those people, and quickly flew towards this side.

The Nether Emperor didn't turn back. What use was it if the Battle King came alone? Moreover... the Battle King probably couldn't make it!

Sure enough, just as the Battle King flew for a while, several rulers of laws from the myriad races appeared around him, blocking him, giving him no chance to charge over.

The Nether Emperor looked at the Human Emperor's body. Seeing him with closed eyes, acting purely on instinct, he smiled. "Kill his body, and this battle... will be won!"

"Kill!"

With a low shout, his Nether Land expanded, instantly covering the ground beneath the Human Emperor's body.

At this moment, the Human Emperor's body's instincts were also extremely powerful. Suddenly, he punched out, boom!

The river broke!

With this punch, the Nether Land shattered. The Nether Emperor trembled slightly, revealing his figure from the void!

Still quite strong!

This was just a pure body. The power of the body alone wasn't weaker than his as a Daofuse cultivator!

A terrifying fellow!

This made the Nether Emperor even more determined. He absolutely couldn't let the Human Emperor's spirit and flesh unite. Otherwise, if he fought to the death, who knew how many strong individuals he would kill this time, and he, as a Daofuse cultivator, would definitely be on his must-kill list!

Boom!

Just as he was thinking, the Human Emperor's body punched out, sweeping all directions. The powerful aura caused some weaker rulers of laws to have blood marks on their bodies. The Nether Emperor smiled, and a mass of gray mist spread out, blocking the Human Emperor's body outside.

The next moment, he said in a low voice, "Absorb!"

Beside him, a ruler of laws quickly erupted with a great path, absorbing power. The Human Emperor's power, projected through the gray mist, was immediately absorbed by that strong individual. The others behind the Nether Emperor also took action, instantly shattering the body's power!

Even though the Human Emperor was strong, it was just a body. Here, with one Daofuse cultivator and over twenty other rulers of laws working together to encircle and kill, this body couldn't exert its full strength.

Encountering a single third or fourth-tier ruler of laws might result in the Human Emperor's body being blown apart with one punch.

Now, it was of no use!

"Trap him! Wear down his body!"

The Nether Emperor remained extremely cautious. Even with many people, he didn't choose to confront directly but continued to encircle the body, trapping the Human Emperor's body.

Wear down the Human Emperor!

...

"What should we do?"

Su Yu hadn't spoken yet, but the Martial Emperor was anxious.

This... at this rate, the Human Emperor's body would be doomed.

If the body was doomed, the Human Emperor's side would have no chance!

Should they act?

Su Yu squinted his eyes, remaining silent.

The Human Emperor... did he have a plan?

If not, he could only choose to act, even if the opponents hadn't entered the encirclement.

But Su Yu believed that the Human Emperor was reliable, shrewd, and cunning. Since he said so, it shouldn't be so simple to be trapped, right?

The myriad races were cautious, but the Human Emperor understood them well.

He should have some tricks up his sleeve!

It's important to note that these guys hadn't even entered Tongtian and their encirclement yet. If he appeared now, it would only lead to a direct confrontation.

Various thoughts flashed through Su Yu's mind.

At this moment, the human side was nearing a crisis!

At this moment, a human ruler of laws was being besieged by seven or eight rulers of laws, on the verge of death. Suddenly, a cold shout echoed through the surroundings, "Set things right!"

Boom!

A loud noise erupted. In an instant, within the besieging myriad races, suddenly, two rulers of laws shot out, attacking those beside them. With one strike, they severely injured two rulers of laws, hurriedly pulling the besieged human expert out of the encirclement!

This was just one place.

There were other places!

Even within the Nether Emperor's team!

Just as the Human Emperor's shout echoed, within the Nether Emperor's group, two rulers of laws suddenly shattered the Nether Emperor's trap, instantly freeing the Human Emperor's body. In that moment, the powerful body punched out, with a thunderous boom, sending the Nether Emperor flying thousands of meters!

"Bastard!"

The Nether Emperor's expression changed slightly!

At this moment, within the myriad races' team, at least five rulers of laws chose to rebel.

The Divine Emperor's voice also coldly echoed through the surroundings, "You... how foolish! Must you walk this path to the end? The humans are weak now. If this battle is won, the humans will surely perish!"

At this point, these people still chose to rebel, to support the Human Emperor. It was a crazy thing!

Did they really think the Human Emperor still had a chance?

Of course, the rebellion of a few rulers of laws couldn't change the overall situation.

But at this moment, the Human Emperor calmly said, "The rest, continue to lie low!"

"......"

Was it a strategy?

At this moment, uncertainty lingered. Perhaps there were still some who hadn't made a move, or perhaps there were none left. However, the Divine Emperor and his allies knew that the Human Emperor's actions would cause some to hesitate, fearing betrayal from those around them.

Yet, the Divine Emperor and his allies were not entirely unprepared. After so many years, who didn't know each other well?

Just then, a rebellious ruler of laws suddenly let out a miserable scream. In the next instant, flames erupted from his body, rapidly incinerating him, even burning his dao!

The Divine Emperor spoke coldly, "We have long known who among you colluded with the humans. We simply chose not to act, hoping you would mend your ways and let bygones be bygones. Now, by killing one as a warning to others, those who remain inactive will be spared. We are willing to give you a way out!"

Boom!

The void burned as the rebellious ruler of laws screamed in agony. In the blink of an eye, his dao was severed by the powerful flames, which were the flames of the Demon Emperor. These flames had long been lurking within him, hidden in his dao.

In almost an instant, the powerful ruler of laws was incinerated to ashes, leaving nothing behind. The dao trembled, and his screams echoed in the air!

At this moment, the faces of several rebellious rulers of laws changed!

They had been discovered long ago!

A trap had been set, waiting for them to betray, only to be killed publicly as a warning to others!

Did others have such traps on them?

No one could be sure!

Perhaps some did, perhaps some didn't. The one who was killed might have been exposed long ago, while others might not have been exposed yet!

The Immortal Emperor's voice also rang out at this moment, carrying a hint of indifference, "Let it end here! Those who haven't stepped forward, whether you choose to mend your ways or not, we will not pursue it further. As for those who have stepped forward... if you choose to stand by or kill the humans, we are willing to let bygones be bygones and unite against the enemy!"

The Human Emperor's tactics were ineffective!

Everyone had already speculated about this, only uncertain about who still had ties with the Human Emperor. But finding one was enough; by killing one as a warning, the others would surely be terrified!

The Human Emperor, who was currently engaged in battle with them, sighed, "You actually discovered it!"

"Human Emperor, after all these years, did you really think we wouldn't notice anything?"

The Immortal Emperor chuckled. How could it be possible?

Moreover, in this upper reaches, there were too few people. Any slight movement would be noticed by everyone. It was actually very difficult for the Human Emperor to plant a mole!

The first ruler of laws to fall was from the myriad races, yet he was the Human Emperor's man.

Now, the Human Emperor had lost a great general!

The Human Emperor sighed, "Enough. Those of you watching, if I lose, just admit defeat. If I win... I will surely reward you!"

He was speaking to those who had just stepped forward and were still alive.

He didn't let them join the battle because he wasn't sure if any of them had been discovered earlier and had been tampered with. If another one died, then on the myriad races' side, no one would dare to make any more moves!

The Immortal Emperor and the others sneered!

What other tricks do you have?

Bring them all out!

"Don't look anymore. Over the years, all your tricks have been used up. What else do you have?"

The Human Emperor laughed, and in the next moment, he shouted, "I don't need any tricks. I am my own confidence!"

Boom!

In an instant, behind him, his physical body erupted with dazzling light, suddenly opening its eyes, boom!

A loud noise echoed, and that physical body suddenly broke through the void, instantly charging out, shattering the heavens with a punch, severing the river, directly smashing a ruler of laws into pieces, collapsing the dao!

That physical body opened its eyes, filled with killing intent!

"Did you really think that being so close, I couldn't control anything? Idiots!"

Being too close, he could control a thing or two.

The faces of the Immortal Emperor and the others changed, and the Demon Emperor instantly roared, "Nether Emperor, quickly, drag him to the front!"

Too close!

This wouldn't do!

The Nether Emperor's face changed slightly. The front... there might be some trap. His face changed several times, quickly transmitting a message in all directions, "More people, stop besieging the human experts, come here, push the Human Emperor's physical body into the depths!"

He needed support!

Because there might really be some trap, in an instant, from afar, seven or eight experts flew over again.

Seeing this, the Nether Emperor gained a bit more confidence.

Reaching 30!

This was enough!

A quarter of the myriad races' power had gathered here. Dealing with a Human Emperor's physical body was still possible, as long as they didn't get too close to the Human Emperor.

...

At this time, Su Yu's eyes also moved slightly.

The Human Emperor... could actually control his physical body a bit. The combat power with his control and without it was completely different.

In that case... the myriad races certainly wouldn't dare to let them get close again!

"So that's what you're waiting for!"

Su Yu understood in his heart. In this way, the Nether Emperor and the others had to go deeper, forcibly pushing the Human Emperor's physical body into the depths, which meant they had to enter his encirclement!

"The rebellious rulers of laws are just embellishments. The real confidence is still the Human Emperor himself!"

Su Yu understood.

The Human Emperor was just like him, ultimately relying on himself.

You dare not let my physical body get close to the sea of will!

Otherwise, countless people will surely die!

Even knowing there might be a trap ahead, no trap could be more terrifying than the Human Emperor, and this was also the Nether Emperor's thought. What of traps, could they be more terrifying than the Human Emperor?

Therefore, when those seven or eight experts gathered, the Nether Emperor shouted, "There might be a trap ahead, everyone be careful, kill!"

Boom!

A group of people attacked madly, pressing the Human Emperor's physical body, causing it to retreat continuously, the killing intent in its eyes gradually fading. Everyone was overjoyed, which meant the farther away it was, the weaker the Human Emperor's control over his physical body!

This was good news!

And at this moment, these people had already crossed the boundary, entering the encirclement. On the Nether Emperor's side, there were still a few experts who hadn't made a move, but were extremely vigilant, looking around.

To prevent any experts from coming to aid!

Although they now felt that the humans had no more experts, it was still necessary to guard against them!

"Kill!"

Boom!

The Human Emperor's physical body was continuously beaten back, the farther it was from the Human Emperor, the weaker it became, and everyone laughed. This was good!

And the Nether Emperor was actually always scanning the surroundings.

What trump card did the humans have left?

Just now, the Human Emperor's physical body erupted, seemingly with the intention of letting them go deeper. Was the Human Emperor so confident in his trap?

Who could deal with so many of their experts?

Under such circumstances, everyone was bombarding the Human Emperor's physical body, causing it to continuously shatter.

And at this time, Su Yu no longer needed to hide.

It was about time!

"Long time no see, the trash of the past has also started to jump around!"

A light laugh spread in all directions.

At this moment, the Nether Emperor's heart trembled, shaking violently!

A familiar voice!

Su Yu had heard the voice of the Culture King.

At this moment, a touch of white appeared, a white-robed cultivator, even if everyone hadn't seen the person, hadn't seen the face clearly, they all changed color.

"Impossible!"

The Nether Emperor was shocked, the Culture King!

He was back!

And at this moment, behind Su Yu, the Martial Emperor appeared, baring his teeth, his teeth cold and sharp, "I can have some fun again!"

"Martial King!"

Incomparable shock!

The Culture King and the Martial King were both back!

Mind-boggling!

"No... impossible..."

The Nether Emperor was shocked!

If he was like this, what about the others? The people behind him, one by one, widened their eyes, looking at the two people in front.

Was it the Culture King and the Martial King?

Yes!

It was them!

Not only were they shocked, but in the distance, the experts engaged in fierce battle suddenly, that Suppressing Martial King cursed, "Bastard, you finally came back, you still know to come back..."

"Husband!"

"Darling!"

"Culture King!"

"Second Brother Wen!"

"..."

Shouts erupted instantly, filled with joy, excitement, and wild cries!

They were back!

The two of the Four Extremes Human Kings, who once stabilized the world and suppressed all directions, were back!

Especially the Culture King!

At this moment, everyone was excited, the human experts shouted, roared, and were invigorated!

That was the Culture King, and also the Martial King!

There was no mistake!

It was really them who came back!

"Hahaha, Your Majesty, if you had told us that Brother Wen was back, what would we have to fear?"

Wild cries, laughter, even in the face of danger, there was no fear at this moment!

But the myriad races, each one turned pale, as if mourning their parents!

How could this be!

They... were inside the Heaven Gate, how could they come back!

This was impossible!

The Culture King was too strong, he suppressed too many realms.

The Martial King was also too ruthless, he killed too many experts of the myriad races. When these two appeared, even the Divine Emperor and the others changed their expressions.

Trouble!

Big trouble!

The Culture King, back then, was an absolute existence, what about now?

A person's name is like the shadow of a tree!

At this moment, Su Yu also felt the deterrent power of the Culture King over the myriad races. He smiled, his face unclear, but his smile revealed his teeth, and at this moment, no one doubted anymore!

It was really the Culture King!

That white robe, that demeanor, that smile... he was the Culture King!

Su Yu took a step forward, and instinctively, on the Nether Emperor's side, nearly 30 experts retreated a step, filled with fear!

Su Yu was shocked, were they so afraid?

Was the Culture King really that terrifying?

At this moment, everyone's attention was focused on them, those experts who had been probing for traps no longer did so, because they knew what the trap was!

The Culture King and the Martial King were back, this was the biggest trap, the greatest confidence!

No wonder the Human Emperor dared to fight to the death!

And at this moment, the Human Emperor's laughter also shook the heavens and earth, covering the world, filled with joy, laughing heartily, "You two troublemakers finally came, hahaha! We won!"

This further confirmed their identities!

In fact, at this moment, even the Human Emperor was amazed!

To be honest, if he didn't know Su Yu, didn't know the situation, at this moment, at first glance, he would have thought it was the Culture King who came!

And this method... was too useful!

Don't just see it as a disguise, but the identity of the person disguised was different.

In those days, when competing for the title of the world's strongest with the Human Emperor, many claimed that the Culture King was actually stronger. Unlike the Human Emperor, he preferred freedom, which is why people said the Human Emperor was the strongest. Yet, even among the myriad races, most believed that the Culture King was truly the number one in the world!

He was stronger than the Human Emperor!

And now, this supreme being, the strongest in the world, has returned. Who wouldn't be afraid?

(End of Chapter)