Chapter 854: A Terrifying Enhancement

Su Yu approached the core area, where a small boot lay. This might be the true essence. Naturally, a boot of this size was fitting; if it were as large as the Sea of Stars, how big would the Culture King's foot have to be?

"The Heaven and Earth are here, indicating that the Culture King didn't actually use the power of Heaven and Earth, or rather, he only used his own power..."

Not using the power of Heaven and Earth doesn't mean lacking strength. For instance, Su Yu had strength both within and outside his Heaven and Earth. As long as his Heaven and Earth weren't destroyed, he would remain at the second tier outside. This wouldn't change even if he were far from his Heaven and Earth. However, within his Heaven and Earth, he could harness a large amount of its power, enhancing his strength.

Su Yu's enhancement wasn't small, from second tier to first tier.

"If the Culture King's Heaven and Earth could be carried with him... it would definitely be much stronger than now."

Su Yu carefully observed the Culture King's Heaven and Earth, where streams of the power of laws overflowed.

Su Yu was probing the source of energy!

Currently, the energy in Su Yu's Heaven and Earth partly came from the conversion of chaotic power and partly from frequently killing people and directly devouring and digesting them.

Did the Culture King also open a breach on the River of Time?

However, if there was a breach, Su Yu should have been able to see it, and others should have discovered it too.

Then where did the power in the Culture King's Heaven and Earth come from?

Was it maintained by the Culture King?

The Culture King had been gone for a long time. Even if he maintained it himself before, he couldn't do it now, as he was separated by the Heaven Gate, and transmitting power would be greatly weakened.

"Perhaps... I can gain some insights here!"

Su Yu's eyes gleamed with a peculiar light. What insights?

Naturally, the method to strengthen Heaven and Earth!

The Culture King's Heaven and Earth, in his absence, without chaotic power, and without a breach on the River of Time, how did it grow stronger?

This couldn't have been born out of thin air!

And Su Yu, as of now, hadn't solved this problem. Even the conversion of chaotic power required a lot of time. How did the Culture King do it?

He took a step under the boot. Although it was somewhat humiliating to be underfoot, Su Yu often didn't care about such things.

The Culture King had a wicked sense of humor. He hung the boot in the air, and to enter his Heaven and Earth, one had to be underfoot!

Upon entering the Heaven and Earth, Su Yu seemed to shrink.

Outside, the Great Zhou King and Marquis Tongtian were slightly startled. At this moment, Su Yu transformed into an ant-sized figure, entering the Culture King's Heaven and Earth. The normally sized boot now appeared as a sky to Su Yu!

Soon, Su Yu looked outside. He could see the outside world, which was somewhat strange. At this moment, there were two giants outside, giants that blocked out the sky and the sun!

"Interesting!"

The Art of Holding the Universe in a Mustard Seed!

The Culture King's Heaven and Earth appeared small, but in reality, it wasn't. The moment Su Yu stepped in, he felt it was much more stable and powerful than his own Heaven and Earth, filled with the power of the Great Dao.

Free and unrestrained!

This was a new world!

Su Yu looked up, seemingly seeing a new world. The air here was fresh, and the land was fragrant.

The taste of freedom!

Su Yu closed his eyes, silently feeling and experiencing it. He suddenly understood what the Culture King pursued!

Freedom!

Great freedom!

The Culture King was such a person.

Everything he did was actually the same as what Su Yu pursued before, seeking freedom.

Previously, others said Su Yu was like the Culture King. Later, after feeling it for a long time, everyone felt that Su Yu wasn't like the Culture King. He just sometimes pretended to be like the Culture King. The Great Zhou King said Su Yu was actually more like the Human Emperor!

In Su Yu's view, being like the Human Emperor meant putting shackles on the free Culture King, turning him into a less free Human Emperor.

At this moment, Su Yu also had some insights.

He might be a combination of the Human Emperor and the Culture King.

He yearned for freedom, but he couldn't easily obtain it. Unlike the Culture King, who had the Human Emperor to help solve these troubles, the Culture King was free.

But Su Yu had to bear it himself.

"Free and unrestrained, roaming the Heaven and Earth..."

As Su Yu silently comprehended, he felt the Culture King's thoughts.

However, amidst this freedom, there was also some restraint...

Su Yu felt it too!

He discovered that the Culture King might also be restrained, and such restraint came from many things.

The human race, family, friends, comrades...

It seemed similar to Su Yu, going through a process of pursuing freedom but being restrained.

Su Yu smiled bitterly!

Even the Culture King was infected by the Human Emperor?

At the last moment, Su Yu vaguely sensed something familiar—the taste of responsibility!

At this moment, Su Yu suddenly felt a bit helpless, a bit bitter, "So... you were infected too, or rather, in this chaotic world, no one can truly enjoy freedom?"

The Culture King!

Claimed to be free and unrestrained, doing as he pleased, following his heart, but he was actually vaguely restrained!

That familiar taste was called responsibility!

"Human Emperor!"

Su Yu sighed, "Why not strip away all the responsibilities of this world?"

What he pursued before was the freedom the Culture King pursued. He still envied the Culture King, except for the unfortunate matter with his sister. Su Yu still envied him, but now, he could actually understand that the Culture King's Heaven and Earth, hidden here without moving, had already lost its freedom!

"The mundane world locks the mortal heart. With a mortal heart, one is a mortal. Culture King... you can't escape this calamity either!"

Su Yu sneered, waved his hand, and a force dissipated, and the free wind vanished.

"Fake and inferior freedom!"

What freedom is there to speak of? The Culture King, who knew of the existence of the Three Gates early on, could never truly obtain freedom. If the Human Emperor could suppress the Myriad Realms and the Three Gates, then the Culture King could be carefree and truly pursue these.

Unfortunately... he couldn't!

The so-called freedom of the Great Dao was just an illusion. He comprehended again, and this time, he had some new insights, new understandings, and a new path.

It turned out that the so-called freedom wasn't true.

"Seeking?"

Su Yu silently pondered, is it seeking?

In the Culture King's Heaven and Earth, he felt another Great Dao intent, as if this was the true essence of the Culture King's Great Dao.

The previous freedom was just for show, but ordinary people couldn't see through it.

"The road ahead is long, seeking truth from above and below, exploring the true meaning of Heaven and Earth, comprehending the essence of the Great Dao..."

At this moment, Su Yu suddenly felt deeply touched, seeking!

The core essence of the Culture King was seeking truth!

Understanding the essence of the world!

"Researcher?"

At this moment, a term that hadn't appeared for a long time was uttered by Su Yu. Could the Culture King be a researcher?

If so, that would be interesting!

Su Yu silently comprehended, and at this moment, it seemed that Heaven and Earth also responded. Gradually, a phantom appeared.

Under Su Yu's somewhat peculiar gaze, suddenly, that phantom appeared, with some confusion, also looking at Su Yu, then with some bewilderment, "Your Majesty?"

"......"

Su Yu was stunned!

He looked at the old man opposite him, not speaking for a long time. After a while, his face stiffened, "You... suddenly appeared here?"

"Where is this?"

The old man looked at Su Yu, still confused.

Su Yu couldn't help but laugh, "Book Spirit senior, you... don't you know yourself?"

"What should I know?"

The Book Spirit was bewildered, what should I know?

Su Yu sighed helplessly, "You... you are actually the spirit of the Culture King's Heaven and Earth, which I didn't expect!"

The Book Spirit was dumbfounded!

And Su Yu was actually dumbfounded too. After being dumbfounded, he couldn't help but laugh bitterly, extremely helpless, "So that's it! The Culture King is such a big liar!"

"......"

The Book Spirit was speechless, why are you cursing my master?

Su Yu grinned, and after a while, he said, "I thought it was really a boot... but in essence, it's a book!"

He smiled bitterly, and at this moment, he vaguely understood that the Culture King's book might be the core essence.

The Book Spirit was actually the spirit of his Heaven and Earth!

When Su Yu peeled away the fog and comprehended the essence of the Culture King's Heaven and Earth, the so-called path of seeking, the truth that had been concealed was revealed, and the Book Spirit appeared!

Su Yu sighed, "Damn!"

The Book Spirit looked at Su Yu, why are you cursing me?

Su Yu didn't curse him. He couldn't help but say, "The Culture King is a bastard, Book Spirit senior, you're too pitiful!"

"Ah?"

Su Yu was frustrated, "Haven't you felt it yet? Book Spirit senior, you are a spirit born from a book. By rights, you should be the most cultured existence, but your progress is slow. Why? Because the energy you absorb is all integrated into the Culture King's Heaven and Earth. I thought he found a way to create something from nothing... now I understand, he just created you, Book Spirit senior, to siphon power, shameless!"

And at this moment, the Book Spirit was also comprehending something. After a long time, it seemed to have some realization, and gradually, its eyes changed slightly, "I... seem... to be the spirit of this Heaven and Earth, this Heaven and Earth... is my true form?"

He suddenly looked up at the sky, stunned for a moment, "This... shouldn't be a boot, but... a book!"

"The Myriad Dao Scripture!"

The Book Spirit murmured, its true form was the "Myriad Dao Scripture," a book said to be the Culture King's lifetime experience of the Great Dao. Initially, it seemed very powerful, but now, it wasn't so impressive.

Progress was slow, or rather, there was almost no progress.

By rights, as a spirit born from a book, progress should be fast, but it wasn't.

Today, both Su Yu and the Book Spirit understood!

It wasn't that there was no progress, but that the power, rules, and insights absorbed by the Book Spirit were actually integrated into this Heaven and Earth.

Previously, the Book Spirit tried to integrate into Su Yu's Heaven and Earth but failed. Su Yu thought it was special and didn't care. The Book Spirit also didn't become a ruler of laws or fight on the front lines. In fact, let alone a ruler of laws, the Book Spirit was at most a second-tier Daofuse!

Far from being a ruler of laws!

But now, Su Yu knew it wasn't that he couldn't progress, but that he was the spirit of Heaven and Earth, inherently strong. However, the Culture King had always sealed him, placing him in the old residence.

"Culture King really isn't human... treating his predecessors like this!"

Su Yu chuckled, "Senior, why not bring Culture King's world and join mine?"

The Book Spirit, now somewhat aware of its own existence, smiled wryly and replied after a moment, "I think I'll pass... I am the spirit of my master's world, and I cannot betray him..."

Feeling a bit uneasy, it continued, "Your Majesty, why have I suddenly returned?"

"I merely grasped the essence of the Great Dao!"

Su Yu smiled, "I touched upon the core of the world. If you hadn't appeared, I could have taken over the world. This is the world's self-defense mechanism. Not just anyone can invade it, much like the Master of the Undead in the Death Path..."

"And Your Majesty's world..."

The Book Spirit was puzzled about who would guard the core essence of Su Yu's world.

Su Yu laughed, "It hasn't been born yet, but for now, Marquis of Monitoring Heaven is acting as the proxy! He gathers the path of fortune in my world, but he is not the core essence. Fortune is strong, but I do not walk the path of fortune. Otherwise, he would be a being like you, Senior!"

The Book Spirit understood quickly and said, "I see. But before the master left, he left nothing behind..."

Su Yu shook his head, "Because before he left, you might not have even been born as a spirit. According to Fat Ball, it was after he left that you were born... But Culture King must have known that you would eventually become a spirit!"

At this, Su Yu added, "This is a good thing!"

A tremendously good thing!

Su Yu laughed, "Senior, now that Culture King is not here, you are practically half the master of this world. My arrangement with the Human Emperor is similar... Of course, the Human Emperor's world doesn't need a master anymore; he is the true master! But you, Senior... you can manipulate the world, and your strength might not be weak. This is Culture King's world, after all!"

The power of a first-class force could surely erupt, right?

Only now did Su Yu realize how cunning Culture King was. He actually separated the world from its spirit... To put it bluntly, Culture King was also being cautious!

Cautious that after he left, the world spirit would naturally grow and might take over his world due to his long absence.

This is not impossible!

For instance, the Master of the Undead, under Su Yu's instigation, had some rebellious intentions. If the Master of the Undead returned, there might be some trouble.

Of course, this is a natural reaction for cultivators.

If Su Yu were absent for a long time, he wouldn't let the Marquis of Monitoring Heaven remain conscious all the time. He would still need to be cautious of rebellion and invasion of his world. However, in times of crisis, when the world faced danger, he could allow the other party to awaken.

For example, at this moment, when Su Yu removed the fake path of freedom left by Culture King and comprehended the essence of exploration, the Book Spirit naturally awakened and returned to the world.

In this way, this world actually had a master at this moment.

The Book Spirit!

And Su Yu, intrigued, smiled, "Senior, how about we play a bit? I want to see how the power of Culture King's Great Dao is. While there are no strong beings in the Myriad Realms, we can test it without worrying about being discovered."

With many strong beings, if the Book Spirit used the world, it would be sensed.

But at this moment, Su Yu was the strongest, so naturally, there was no problem.

The Book Spirit, still enduring the world's feedback, replied, "Your Majesty, let's not..."

"Come on, I want to try Culture King's Great Dao, let's do it!"

The Book Spirit hesitated, feeling it might not be appropriate.

"Let's give it a try!"

Without waiting for a reply, Su Yu reached out to grab the Book Spirit, but it flickered and vanished instantly.

Su Yu's eyes twinkled with interest. Being able to escape his grasp in an instant meant the Book Spirit had received some feedback from the world and knew how to use the power of the world.

"Your Majesty, there's no need for this..."

The Book Spirit reappeared, and Su Yu's eyes flickered as a chain appeared, aiming to bind the Book Spirit.

But seeing this, the Book Spirit also manifested a chain, locking onto Su Yu's.

"Hmm?"

Su Yu widened his eyes. Is the power of your Great Dao stronger than mine?

This was normal, but locking me up was a bit disrespectful!

"Void Escape!"

Su Yu vanished from the spot, and the Book Spirit sighed, shaking its head, and disappeared instantly as well.

The two reappeared quickly because Su Yu was squeezed out, and seeing him emerge, the Book Spirit also came out.

Su Yu raised an eyebrow, "Freeze!"

The world was instantly frozen, but in a blink, the frozen world vanished, and Su Yu himself began to freeze as a force of freezing swept over him.

"Petrify!"

The Book Spirit had just been petrified on one foot when Su Yu suddenly found himself petrified as well, feeling a bit strange. The paths I have, you have too?

Impressive!

The paths mastered by Culture King were so numerous, and the Book Spirit was merely an executor, yet it represented Culture King's understanding of the Great Dao.

Thunder erupted!

The Five Elements erupted!

Yin and Yang erupted!

Boom!

The world trembled, and the Book Spirit continued to counterattack with the same Great Dao power.

At this moment, Su Yu felt a bit unconvinced, his competitive spirit instantly ignited. Fine, the paths you have, I have, and the paths I have, you also have.

If this continues, with my Great Dao power inferior to yours, I might not win.

However... the paths I have, you might not have them all!

"Death!"

Death descended as Su Yu reached out, releasing an incredibly dense aura of death. At this moment, the Book Spirit frowned slightly, also releasing an aura of death, but Su Yu laughed, "Fake, merely superficial, this is clearly the Path of Nether Death!"

With that, Su Yu's powerful death aura spread out, and the power of life surged forth, intertwining life and death, annihilating the undead!

The entire world alternated between blooming flowers and withering extinction!

The power of great extinction erupted!

The Book Spirit felt a bit strange, and the next moment, a tremendous power erupted. Suddenly, Su Yu felt a suppressive force, and in the blink of an eye, he was suppressed significantly, dropping from the peak of second-class to just entering second-class.

And the Book Spirit, without wasting words, in a blink, manifested a book. This book, like a cage, enveloped Su Yu in an instant.

Not only that, but at this moment, a pair of boots appeared in the world.

Like a giant!

It really seemed like someone was wearing the boots, stomping down with a thunderous crash, flattening Su Yu!

Seeing this, the Book Spirit's face changed, quickly withdrawing the power of the Great Dao, and hurriedly said, "Your Majesty, I told you not to compete, you've been flattened..."

"......"

Su Yu's body quickly filled out, smiling wryly, "Have I been flattened?"

"......"

The Book Spirit was speechless. Of course, I saw it with my own eyes, and I did it myself.

However, the Book Spirit knew not to provoke Su Yu at this moment, coughing lightly, "I must have been mistaken!"

Only then did Su Yu smile, feeling a bit strange, "You definitely possess first-class combat strength here!"

The Book Spirit didn't have a deep understanding of these things but still nodded, "Ordinary people would be heavily suppressed here! Your Majesty wasn't suppressed too much!"

At this moment, Su Yu sighed, "I didn't expect this!"

He didn't expect that Culture King's world had a spirit, and this spirit was someone Su Yu had always known.

So, if the Book Spirit faced a life-and-death crisis, could it awaken on its own?

If it could... then the crisis of the Myriad Realms wasn't really a crisis. If someone could summon the Book Spirit at a critical moment, perhaps Culture King's world would awaken!

"So, Culture King left quite a few contingencies!"

This might also be a means of last resort. If the human race were truly on the brink of extinction, the Book Spirit might awaken. Once it did, mastering Culture King's world, who could match it?

First-class!

In this world, even if the Book Spirit couldn't wield all the power, it could certainly exert first-class combat strength and suppress opponents. Of course, it depended on where the battle took place.

In the Sea of Stars... it could completely cover it!

Su Yu licked his lips, smiling, "Interesting!"

He looked at the Book Spirit, "This time I returned to improve myself, but instead, I discovered Culture King's world and brought you back... If you leave the world, even without first-class strength, you might have second-class peak combat strength like me..."

The Book Spirit was actually the spirit of the world!

Culture King loved creating these things!

Whether it was Monitoring Heaven, Doubao, or the Book Spirit...

Culture King created a bunch of spirits!

Normal people couldn't do such things, but Culture King's path was exploration, so Su Yu understood why Culture King's side could produce so many spirits!

A researcher!

A mad researcher could create a multitude of spirits, which wasn't surprising at all!

"Teacher Bai..."

Su Yu suddenly thought of someone, his weak and pitiful teacher.

In fact, at this moment, Su Yu suddenly realized that among the multi-character faction, the one who truly inherited Culture King's mantle was Bai Feng.

The white robe... was Bai Feng's first choice!

Su Yu first saw Bai Feng in a white robe, elegantly killing a Skysoar from the Myriad Race Cult. That day, Bai Feng was incredibly dashing, and Su Yu suddenly thought that the white robe was truly stylish!

Bai Feng always had numerous white robes, wearing them everywhere. Su Yu used to wonder if he ever washed them...

Bai Feng excelled in research, and many things were actually Bai Feng's research. This person was just weak in strength; otherwise, he would have long gone to study the Great Dao.

Only at this moment, when Su Yu comprehended the essence of Culture King's Great Dao as exploration, did he suddenly realize that, truly, in his faction, the one most like Culture King was Bai Feng!

It's just that Bai Feng was too weak, and many people had forgotten him.

Many of Su Yu's things were actually learned from Bai Feng!

"Interesting!"

Su Yu chuckled, looking at the Book Spirit again, "You can leave, right?"

The Book Spirit nodded, "I can, but... now that I understand myself, I can't leave recklessly. The master's world has been neglected for many years, and now that I understand myself, if something happens, it could cause the world to collapse... It's quite troublesome!"

Su Yu chuckled, "No need to worry about that! I need strong allies now, and you just happened to deliver yourself for free!"

As he spoke, Su Yu's eyes flickered, and he suddenly sat down cross-legged. The transmission from that guy, Gui, who had been sending over the items from the Culture King, had finally succeeded!

...

Su Yu quickly appeared outside the Heaven Gate's shadow. A sphere descended towards him. He caught it with one hand, sensed it, and smiled. The power of the pen dao!

Interesting!

The Culture King had sealed this sphere with the power of the pen dao. It seemed Gui hadn't deceived him or dared to pocket the item. Otherwise, the seal would have been broken... Of course, if the seal was broken, the Culture King might sense it, and Gui would be in big trouble!

He was behind the gate, and so was the Culture King!

"A seal with the power of the pen dao... It seems he knows it's for me..."

Su Yu had a rough idea that the Culture King had figured out his identity. Smart people didn't need to say much.

He quickly unsealed the sphere, and as soon as it was unsealed, an overwhelming surge of power spread around the Heaven Gate, the power of laws, countless powers of laws!

Su Yu's expression changed slightly. So strong, so much!

At this moment, Gui's voice echoed, "Su Yu, I've given you the item. I've fulfilled my promise... Now, I will arrange for some people to infuse you with the power of laws... and give you some fragments of laws... I hope you will keep your promise too!"

Su Yu laughed, "No problem! It's a small matter!"

"Then I'll take my leave..."

"Suit yourself!"

Su Yu casually replied, and Gui quickly left. In fact, the exhausted Gui was also very excited.

My avatar has been formed!

Su Yu really didn't stop him!

Actually, he wasn't in such a hurry to go back and participate in some Dao discussion meeting; it wasn't that urgent!

At this moment, he was eager to see the situation in the Myriad Realms!

Gui quickly found a place, sat down cross-legged, and immersed his willpower into his mind, sensing everything about his avatar.

He saw it, saw the Myriad Realms!

Prosperity!

Flourishing!

Sunshine!

Brightness!

Gui suddenly felt enlightened, his mood lifted, and all his efforts were worth it!

In the Myriad Realms, he easily descended with an avatar. Compared to his old friend back then, he suddenly felt disdain. What a pity, finding an unreliable sixth-generation Human Lord. Look at the tenth generation... My goodness, they let me form an avatar so easily!

His old friend, back then, didn't know how much effort he spent to descend with an avatar, battling wits with the sixth-generation Human Lord for a long time, and still failed in the end.

Look at me!

So quickly, I've formed an avatar, and I'm not far from my true self descending!

Gui was extremely excited. At this moment, he appeared on the Allheaven Battlefield. He knew this place, although it was different from when they left, he had been keeping an eye on everything over the years!

Information about the Myriad Realms was something all the strong in the Heaven Gate were extremely eager to know!

He thought about how he had to beg for information before, and now, in a good mood, he thought, my avatar is roaming the Myriad Realms!

As he flew, he saw people.

Many people!

Men and women, it seemed like a small city, bustling with activity. He quickly descended, and as soon as he landed, someone beside him laughed heartily, "Young man, where are you from? A human? Here to participate in the martial arts tournament too?"

Gui was instantly intrigued. The little fellow in front of him was very weak but very enthusiastic. He didn't mind chatting with him. He smiled and asked, "Martial arts tournament? I just came out of seclusion. What martial arts tournament? What's it for?"

"Then you came at the right time!"

The old man beside him also laughed heartily, "The Yu Emperor's Guards are recruiting across the heavens! They're selecting high-level experts now. It's a stroke of luck, they're short on people. Win the tournament, and you can directly join the high ranks of the Yu Emperor's Guards!"

Yu Emperor's Guards, Su Yu?

Gui's heart stirred, his eyes flickered, and he smiled, "The Yu Emperor's Guards are recruiting?"

"Yes!"

Gui's eyes flickered again, "It's dangerous now, I heard the Yu Emperor recently encountered a strong enemy..."

"What of it!"

The old man was indifferent, laughing heartily, "The Yu Emperor can overcome anything!"

Gui was speechless. These people had been brainwashed by Su Yu!

The man was at the second-tier peak, and Su Yu was only fourth-tier, yet they believed he could overcome anything. Without me, he would have been killed long ago!

However, it was rare to meet someone so enthusiastic, and Gui was excited to chat with him. As for Su Yu... even if he told him something, it might not be true.

Soon, the two were chatting happily!

...

As for what Gui was doing or thinking, Su Yu couldn't care less.

Nonsense, in such a small place, Gui would only encounter Lantian. What could Lantian say to Gui?

Su Yu didn't pay attention to these matters.

At this moment, he realized today was simply his lucky day!

So much power of laws!

And it felt somewhat different from that of the Myriad Realms.

Not only that... faintly, Su Yu even discovered that there seemed to be a complete first-tier Dao power. Su Yu's eyes instantly changed. The Culture King had killed a first-tier, which wasn't surprising. The key was that the Culture King had completely stripped the opponent's Dao power!

Su Yu's face changed dramatically!

This required extremely strong strength, and moreover... it was simply too good for him!

This Dao power, he was familiar with it!

"The Longevity Dao!"

Su Yu sensed it, murmuring to himself. He hadn't sensed it wrong, or rather, the Life Dao would work too!

Su Yu took a deep breath!

Who was the Culture King fighting?

He killed a master of the Life Dao and completely stripped the opponent's Dao. Was this prepared for himself, to perfect his Life Dao power?

In the Culture King's world, there was also a Life Dao, but it was very weak.

"I'm rich!"

Su Yu beamed with a radiant smile. The next moment, he suddenly raised an eyebrow. In these Dao powers, he seemed to sense something.

Su Yu carefully sensed, and in his ears, there seemed to be faint, weak voices: "Penetrate... my world power... find... spirit..."

"Find the Book Spirit? Penetrate his world power into the Heaven Gate?"

Su Yu, also an opener, had just discovered that the Book Spirit was a world spirit. He immediately understood the Culture King's intention, but it seemed the words left by the Culture King had been erased by the Heaven Gate!

So, the Heaven Gate didn't allow non-receivers to leave any marks to penetrate?

Su Yu thought of this and didn't mind. He instantly understood the Culture King's intention, "He wants me to guide some of his world power into the Heaven Gate?"

Su Yu murmured, so the Culture King was under a lot of pressure!

Su Yu licked his lips and smiled. No rush.

Let me enhance my world first!

So much power of laws, rule Daos, and even a complete first-tier Dao. Moreover, the power behind the Heaven Gate seemed different from outside, with a complementary feeling. Perhaps the enhancement would be greater!

"Indeed, finding the Culture King makes enhancement easy!"

At this moment, Su Yu's smile was radiant.

Enhance myself first, as for the Culture King, there's no rush. The stronger I am, the more world power I can guide for him. Otherwise, even if I guide now, the Culture King might not be able to draw much power.

Su Yu said no more, quickly opening his eyes and looking at the Book Spirit, "Prepare yourself. The Culture King just sent a message, needing some power support. Later, you'll need to cooperate with me to guide some world power into my Heaven Gate!"

The Book Spirit instantly became serious, "Can the master communicate with His Majesty?"

"Not yet, through a third party!"

Su Yu smiled, "No rush, it's only a matter of time. Since we can barely make contact, formal contact is soon! I see the Culture King is also anxious!"

The Book Spirit quickly said, "Alright, whenever His Majesty needs, I'll immediately guide the world power into His Majesty's Heaven Gate!"

The Book Spirit was also somewhat serious at this moment, "Is the young master alright?"

Su Yu wasn't sure about this, but he still smiled, "He's fine. Even the Martial King is doing well, let alone the Time Sage! Let's not talk about this. The Culture King sent me a lot of power of laws. I need to integrate it into my world..."

"Please go ahead, Your Majesty!"

Su Yu said no more, quickly disappearing and returning to his world.

...

Moments later.

Su Yu returned, not minding the Marquis Tongtian and the Great Zhou King who were frantically running back behind him. He was extremely excited, integrating streams of power of laws into his world.

Some of the power of laws, Su Yu also mastered.

But at this moment, there was something different when integrating.

For example, Su Yu integrated a stream of thunder power, and in his world, there was already thunder power, previously mastered by the West King's Consort.

At this moment, that thunder power was roughly at the weaker third-tier level.

This was within his world, where the West King's Consort could barely exert such strength.

But in reality, outside, it was far weaker.

The thunder power sent by the Culture King to Su Yu felt at most fifth-tier, but when this power was integrated into the thunder power, there was suddenly a sense of yin-yang harmony.

The domineering thunder power suddenly became somewhat gentle, but this was only for the master. In a real outbreak, it would be even stronger.

The fifth-tier thunder power, when integrated, suddenly made this weaker third-tier thunder power seem like it had taken steroids, rapidly growing, reaching the middle third-tier level.

Su Yu's expression changed slightly, "The enhancement is so fast..."

It seemed like a small enhancement, but it was important to know that only fifth-tier power of laws was integrated. Normally, fifth-tier power of laws integrated into third-tier shouldn't cause much change.

Su Yu took a deep breath, not only inhaling but also frowning, "Trouble..."

He suddenly realized something!

A very important point, if we integrate the Dao from behind the gate, is it the same for those behind the gate integrating the current Myriad Realms' Dao, will they also greatly enhance?

"If that's the case... those behind the gate, eager to come out, is it because they know they can enhance after coming out?"

Su Yu pondered these thoughts, continuing to integrate, as a large amount of Dao power was integrated by him.

Su Yu could distinctly feel the entire world expanding, with the integrated Great Daos rapidly strengthening. As he merged the power of a first-class Great Dao, the entire world suddenly expanded wildly. In an instant, the entire Upper Realm, except for the small village-sized area of the Human Emperor, was almost entirely occupied by Su Yu's world!

At this moment, Su Yu was somewhat overwhelmed and quickly began to absorb power to strengthen himself. It was as if he had swallowed many rulers of laws, harmonizing yin and yang, all to perfect his own Great Dao and world.

...

At the same time, upstream of the River of Time.

For the Human Emperor and others, it was just a moment. Su Yu had just asked him to integrate the Xingyu Imprint and Human Lord Seal, and shortly after, the Human Emperor was momentarily stunned. At this moment, not only him, but others were also momentarily dazed.

Over there, the aura of the West King's Consort suddenly rose a notch. She turned to look back but didn't pay much attention. It seemed Su Yu had integrated some power of laws, making it easier for her to control the Thunder Dao, which was now less explosive.

Just as she finished her enhancement, in the blink of an eye, the aura of the South Heavenly King also rose a notch. Over here, the South Heavenly King had just finished enhancing, and the Martial Emperor, who had just recovered to second-class strength, suddenly had his aura rise significantly. This was because the Dao of the Physical Body was a very common power of laws, and it was not uncommon behind the Heaven Gate!

The Martial Emperor was taken aback, his mouth agape. What was happening? Originally, the Dao of the Physical Body in Su Yu's world was barely second-class, and the Martial Emperor had just about recovered to that level. However, Su Yu had extracted a lot of the Human Emperor's power of the world, allowing the Martial Emperor to improve.

From about 8 paths, he barely reached 9 paths, but now, in the blink of an eye, he instantly had the power of 10 paths! The Martial Emperor was dumbfounded. Was it really this simple to advance in realm? How bizarre!

Not only him, but many others began to improve, leaving the Radiant King and others wide-eyed and open-mouthed. What was going on?

That wasn't all... In the end, over there, Xingyue, who was still healing others, suddenly had an aura spill out. The Human Emperor immediately shouted, "Radiant King!"

The Radiant King instantly set up a formation to conceal her aura! Xingyue, somewhat bewildered, quickly became indifferent, not caring much. Beside her, the Hundred Battle King widened his eyes and murmured, "Why... do I feel... you're almost like me now?"

Second-class peak? Then haven't I lived in vain all these years?

Xingyue remained calm and indifferent, saying, "Su Yu has improved and strengthened the Life and Death Path again. Is it strange that I've reached the second-class peak?"

She then wondered aloud, "I feel like I'm being restricted... Otherwise, I should be able to reach first-class, right?"

Strange! She had this feeling, that her own comprehension was slightly lacking, but it seemed like Su Yu himself was limited, preventing her from stepping into first-class. Otherwise, she suspected she could step into first-class!

What did Su Yu eat? How did he suddenly strengthen the Life and Death Path by so much? She had just appeared and left, and it seemed nothing had changed. The only change was that she had Fat Ball return the boots.

Could it be that he ate the Culture King's boots? Thinking of this, she glanced at the bewildered Fat Ball over there, feeling a bit sympathetic. Su Yu ate your master's boots!

No wonder, I feel like my Dao has a foot odor... Well, it's just a psychological feeling, don't mind it. Eating shoes is eating shoes!

Meanwhile, elsewhere, everyone was dumbfounded. The Snow King, who had just been chatting with his daughter, was originally at the third-class peak, almost reaching second-class. His daughter's Ice and Snow Dao had barely stepped into third-class within Su Yu's world... But in an instant, suddenly, Xuelan's aura reached the third-class peak.

The Snow King was also dumbfounded! What was going on? Nearby Xuelan, Giant Axe was also sitting there improving, directly going from weak third-class to third-class peak, grinning as he looked at the Snow King, somewhat foolishly saying, "Snow King, our realms are about the same now, just sitting here and improving..."

The Snow King's face turned black. Was that a boast or what? Who wants to talk to you!

Further away, the Human Emperor's shadow trembled. Damn, should I still go into seclusion? I... maybe I shouldn't go into seclusion anymore? What was happening! What exactly was Su Yu doing? He felt that Su Yu had only been gone for a short while, and then, the people on Su Yu's side were crazily improving, making him seem quite incompetent!

Not only him, but even the Radiant King couldn't help but say, "Your Majesty, is integrating into the world really this fast? We also want to integrate into the world you opened. Will I immediately go from first-class to super-class?"

Damn! He was also feeling a bit uneasy. His grandson's grandson's grandson... had just gone from weak third-class to strong third-class, almost reaching second-class. Give him a few more days, and would he surpass me, his ancestor?

How strange! Opening a world, integrating into a world, can it really be played like this? Improving is like drinking water? This is too... too enviable!

The Human Emperor opened his mouth, speechless for a long time, and then closed it! If I integrate into my own world now, at most, I'll reach second-class peak. In my own world, disconnected from the River of Time, I can only support a third-class existence at most.

If you integrate... then you're really courting death. Of course, if everyone integrates, his world should also become stronger, and reaching first-class wouldn't be a problem. But the Radiant King and others must be one class lower than him!

At this moment, the Human Emperor was also in a daze! Su Yu just casually went out, and the speed of improvement was like taking medicine. What was going on?

"Did he hook up with Wen Lao'er?" He speculated that this might be the most accurate answer!

Suddenly, the Human Emperor felt a sense of crisis. It wasn't that the Myriad Races were about to attack, but... he really couldn't afford to lose face!

"If I don't die, and then, my old brothers here are all surpassed by Su Yu, and I am also surpassed by him... then... then haven't I lived in vain?"

The Human Emperor's face changed! Death wasn't scary, but living and losing face was! I'm not afraid of death, I just want some dignity. I didn't know Su Yu was improving so fast! At this rate, I'll be left behind by him, and then I... really won't have the face to meet anyone, might as well let me die!

The Human Emperor had been considering going back to integrate into the world, then disconnecting from the Human Emperor's Dao to integrate, and he might still reach first-class. But now, was Su Yu still just entering first-class?

"Not necessarily... maybe this brat can maintain first-class combat power even outside his world now!"

The more the Human Emperor thought about it, the more terrified he became! Then in the world, he must have at least 20 paths of power, maybe even more. Moreover, as the world becomes stronger, the combat power maintained outside the world also becomes stronger. If he truly reaches the level of the Master of Time, then however strong he is in the world, he will be equally strong outside the world, almost balanced!

Thinking of these, he kept inhaling. This won't do! Su Yu must come back quickly. When he returns, I'll go integrate into the world, disconnect from the Dao, and improve!

The next moment, the Human Emperor suddenly looked at the Radiant King and others, somewhat eager. My old brothers, I originally didn't plan to target you, but now... I'm anxious. How about everyone cultivates the world with me?